but a sudden loss of the disputed subsidies could conceivably cause the health care program to implode , leaving millions of people without access to health insurance before republicans have prepared a replacement .” republican leadership officials in the house acknowledge the possibility of “ cascading effects ” if the payments , which have totaled an estimated $ 13 billion , are suddenly stopped .in the suit , which was initially championed by john a. boehner , the house speaker at the time , and later in house committee reports , republicans asserted that the administration , desperate for the funding , had required the treasury department to provide it despite widespread internal skepticism that the spending was proper .in lobbies and family apartments , outside methadone clinics and art studios , people take note of the inequity .but precinct detectives there have less time than anywhere else in the city to answer for the blood spilled in violent crimes .it has more major felony crimes per resident than any other residential district in the city .he wired a camera into his peephole to record the drugs and guns .michael j. lopuzzo walks through the tall wooden doors of the 40th precinct station house .” often it is detectives who most feel the effects of people turning on the police .of the 184 people who were shot and wounded in the bronx through early september , more than a third — 66 victims — refused to cooperate .part of the resistance stems from preventive policing tactics , like that were a hallmark of the style under former mayor michael r. bloomberg and his police commissioner , raymond w. kelly .others became reluctant to take assignments in proactive policing units , like that put them in situations on the street .“ it was like a heaviness .several dozen calls at a time can be waiting for a response .in the bronx as a whole , a precinct detective has carried an average of 58 violent felonies this year , compared with 27 in manhattan , 37 in brooklyn , 38 in queens and 25 on staten island .major crime keeps pounding the 40th precinct , at rates that in 2015 were only a tenth of a percent lower than in 2001 , even as citywide crime dropped by more than a third over the same period .“ the outer boroughs are , like , forgotten .through detectives had closed 67 percent of homicides in manhattan and 76 percent of those in staten island this year , compared with 54 percent of those in the bronx , 42 percent of those in queens and 31 percent of those in brooklyn .they buy chinese takeout with their own money for a murder suspect .they buy an urn for a homeless mother who has her murdered son ’ s ashes in a box .victims ’ families wander confused through a courthouse and nearly miss an appearance .the mother started calling with tips under a code name — about a gun under a car , for example .by october , mr. fernandez was increasingly afraid — and fed up .i have months of video of multiple crimes taking place and we are in extreme danger .so he relied on his own street instincts to protect his family .the man agreed to ask the dealers to calm down .at other times they sat outside the betances houses .he also bought two bulletproof vests , for about $ 700 each .“ the only thing i know for sure : god , if we ’ re in a situation again , i will be left to defend my family .2,17285 , '' tyrus wong , ‘ bambi ’ artist thwarted by racial bias , dies at 106 - the new york times '' , new york times , margalit fox,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0 , , '' when walt disney ’ s “ bambi ” opened in 1942 , critics praised its spare , haunting visual style , vastly different from anything disney had done before .but what they did not know was that the film ’ s striking appearance had been created by a chinese immigrant artist , who took as his inspiration the landscape paintings of the song dynasty .in the years that followed , he endured poverty , discrimination and chronic lack of recognition , not only for his work at disney but also for his fine art , before finding acclaim in his 90s .in 1932 and again in 1934 , his work was included in group shows at the art institute of chicago that also featured picasso , matisse and paul klee .over the years his work informed the look of animated pictures for disney and films for warner brothers and other studios , among them “ the sands of iwo jima ” ( 1949 ) “ rebel without a cause ” ( 1955 ) and “ the wild bunch ” ( 1969 ) .” in 2013 and 2014 , mr. wong was the subject of “ water to paper , paint to sky , ” a major retrospective at the disney family museum in san francisco .from the museum ’ s windows , which overlook san francisco bay , he could contemplate angel island , where more than nine decades earlier , as a lone he had sought to gain admission to a country that adamantly did not want him .wong gen yeo ( the name is sometimes romanized wong gaing yoo ) was born on oct. 25 , 1910 , in a farming village in guangdong province .how many windows are in your house ?what shops can you name ?the sponsoring relative was interrogated separately , and the answers had to match .to stand a chance of passing , aspirants memorized rigorous dossiers known as coaching papers .gen yeo would undergo it alone .for reasons that have been lost to time , he could not take his son .tyrus lived on his own in a sacramento boardinghouse while attending elementary school .they lived in a boardinghouse sandwiched between a butcher shop and a brothel .his first art teacher was his father , who trained him nightly in calligraphy by having him dip a brush in water and trace ghostly characters on newspaper : they could not afford ink or drawing paper .his father scraped together the $ 90 tuition — a small fortune — to let him stay on as otis ’ s youngest student .not long afterward his father died , leaving young mr. wong entirely on his own .mr. wong , newly married and needing steady work , joined disney in 1938 as an “ ” creating the thousands of intermediate drawings that bring animated sequences to life .asians were then a novelty at hollywood studios , and mr. wong was made keenly aware of the fact , first at disney and later at warner brothers .a reprieve came in the late 1930s , when mr. wong learned that disney was adapting “ bambi , a life in the woods , ” the 1923 novel by the austrian writer felix salten about a fawn whose mother is killed by a hunter .in trying to animate the book , disney had reached an impasse .but in 1941 , in the wake of a bitter employees ’ strike that year , disney fired mr. wong .mr. wong joined warner brothers in 1942 , working there — and lent out on occasion to other studios — until his retirement in 1968 .trying to buy a house , he and his wife , the former ruth kim , were told that each property they inquired about had just been sold .“ then in a month you ’ d go back there and the sign was still there , ” mr. wong recalled in “ tyrus .” after the japanese attack on pearl harbor in december 1941 , mr. wong , like many took to wearing a lapel button proclaiming his heritage , lest an angry american beat him up on the street .“ and that ’ s because this little movement that had just barely started was split apart by the war .” mr. wong , who became a united states citizen in 1946 , also designed christmas cards for hallmark and painted elegant designs on dinnerware , now sought after by collectors .a longtime resident of sunland , calif. he became , in retirement , a renowned kitemaker , designing , building and hand coloring astonishing , airworthy creations — butterflies , swallows , whole flocks of owls , centipedes more than 100 feet long — that streaked the southern california sky like paint on blue canvas .in 2001 , in formal recognition of his influence on “ bambi , ” mr. wong was named a disney legend .the disney family museum ’ s retrospective , “ water to paper , paint to sky , ” traveled in 2015 to the museum of chinese in america , in lower manhattan .mr. wong ’ s death , at his home in sunland , was confirmed by the filmmaker ms. tom .yet he would not let them have coloring books .3,17286 , '' among deaths in 2016 , a heavy toll in pop music - the new york times '' , new york times , william mcdonald,2017-04-10,2017.0,4.0 , , '' death may be the great equalizer , but it isn ’ t necessarily evenhanded .leon russell , the piano pounder with a delta blues wail and a mountain man ’ s mass of hair , died .if the music stars could fill arenas , so could idols of another stripe : the mighty athletes who left the scene .some called him the greatest sports figure of the 20th century , the boxer who combined power , grace and brains in a way the ring had never seen .until illness closed in , little could contain him , certainly not mere ropes around a ring .an entire generation of postwar guys took up the game because of arnie , and not a few women did , too .pat summitt , the coach who elevated women ’ s basketball , led her tennessee teams to eight championships and won more games than any other college coach , could not defeat alzheimer ’ s disease , dying at 64 .nancy reagan ’ s death evoked the 1980s white house , where glamour and west coast conservatism took up residence on the banks of the potomac .phyllis schlafly ’ s obituaries were windows on the roots of the right wing ’ s ascension in american politics .to the international tug of war over a cuban boy named elián gonzález , to the bitter senate battle over impeachment .devotees of the “ harry potter ” movies were saddened by the death of alan rickman , who played the deliciously dour professor severus snape in that blockbuster franchise but whose career , on both stage and screen , was far richer than many of snape ’ s younger fans may have known .and this time abe vigoda , of the “ godfather ” movies and “ barney miller , ” actually did die , after having not actually done so years ago when wildly uninformed people spread the word that he had .a long roster of television stars of a generation or two ago passed on , images of their younger selves frozen in time : noel neill ( “ adventures of superman ” ) alan young ( “ mister ed ” ) robert vaughn ( “ the man from u. n. c. l. e. ” ) william schallert and patty duke ( father and daughter on “ the patty duke show ” ) dan haggerty ( “ the life and times of grizzly adams ” ) florence henderson ( “ the brady bunch ” ) and alan thicke ( “ growing pains ” ) .and garry marshall , the creative force who practically owned prime time with “ happy days , ” “ mork mindy , ” “ laverne shirley ” and more , died at 81 .few who died in 2016 could have inspired measures of gratitude more profound .how many were still alive when she died a few weeks ago at 96 is anyone ’ s guess .in november , the united nations security council imposed new sanctions against the north . ''a week earlier , the queen , who is 90 , missed a christmas day church service , for the first time since 1988 , because of the illness .the queen , who ascended to the throne in 1952 , became the world ’ s monarch following the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand in october .ms. tsai faces the delicate task of registering discontent with beijing while also sending a message that taiwan will exercise restraint .the united states , which sees taiwan as one of its most reliable allies in asia and has sold billions of dollars of weapons to the island , has long sought to avoid a conflict between the two sides .and ms. tsai ’ s preference for stability in the region may not mesh with mr. trump ’ s bombastic style .ms. tsai also sought to quell concerns about planned stopovers in houston and san francisco during a visit to central america scheduled for january .7,17290 , '' after ‘ the biggest loser , ’ their bodies fought to regain weight - the new york times '' , new york times , gina kolata,2017-02-08,2017.0,2.0 , , '' danny cahill stood , slightly dazed , in a blizzard of confetti as the audience screamed and his family ran on stage .he had won season 8 of nbc ’ s reality television show “ the biggest loser , ” shedding more weight than anyone ever had on the program — an astonishing 239 pounds in seven months .dressed in a and shorts , he was lean , athletic and as handsome as a model .“ i mean , i feel like a million bucks .they showed just how hard the body fights back against weight loss .they became even slower , and the pounds kept piling on .it was as if their bodies were intensifying their effort to pull the contestants back to their original weight .despite spending billions of dollars on drugs and dieting programs , even the most motivated are working against their own biology .but what obesity research has consistently shown is that dieters are at the mercy of their own bodies , which muster hormones and an altered metabolic rate to pull them back to their old weights , whether that is hundreds of pounds more or that extra 10 or 15 that many people are trying to keep off .he cautioned that the study was limited by its small size and the lack of a control group of obese people who did not lose weight .“ if they don ’ t show a return to normal in metabolism , what hope is there for the rest of us ? ” still , he added , “ that shouldn ’ t be interpreted to mean we are doomed to battle our biology or remain fat .her group is testing a drug that , in animals at least , acts like leptin , a hormone that controls hunger .“ the moment i started drinking beer , there goes another 20 pounds .by the season ’ s finale , they had almost no leptin at all , which would have made them ravenous all the time .in a study funded by australia ’ s national health and medical research council , dr. joseph proietto of the university of melbourne and his colleagues recruited 50 overweight people who agreed to consume just 550 calories a day for eight or nine weeks .its level rose .the only way to maintain weight loss is to be hungry all the time .he would starve himself , and then eat a whole can of cake frosting with a spoon .afterward , he would cower in the pantry off the kitchen , feeling overwhelmed with shame .walking hurt stairs were agony .he tried three times and was finally selected .before the show began , the contestants underwent medical tests to be sure they could endure the rigorous schedule that lay ahead .sequestered on the “ biggest loser ” ranch with the other contestants , mr. cahill exercised seven hours a day , burning 8 , 000 to 9 , 000 calories according to a calorie tracker the show gave him .run on the treadmill for another 45 minutes .drive to the gym for another round of exercise .at times , he found himself running around his neighborhood in the dark until his indicator reset to zero at midnight .mr. cahill started weighing and measuring his food again and stepped up his exercise .his slow metabolism is part of the problem , and so are his food cravings .” “ it is not clear whether this small imbalance and the resultant weight gain that most of us experience as we age are the consequences of changes in lifestyle , the environment or just the biology of aging , ” dr. rosenbaum added .and , he added , if people fought the urge to eat those calories , they would be hungry .” dr. rosenbaum agreed .mr. cahill knows that now .in answering the usual questions , mr. leahy told her he was a music supervisor for “ girls , ” the hbo show created by and starring lena dunham .ms. kerr and ms. power also started the who what wear clothing and accessories line sold at target .he and ms. kerr met up at the show .another time he emailed her a link to a fleetwood mac version of “ need your love so bad .” “ at that time , ” she continued , “ i just referred to him as ‘ the supervisor. ’ she knew i had a crush on him .’ ” mr. leahy acknowledged that it might be difficult for a person to think he was not sending ms. kerr a message with this song .on the mix , ms. kerr included the mazzy star song “ i ’ ve been let down .around this time , ms. kerr texted mr. leahy a photo of the drink menu from a bar , the roger room .” in early 2014 , mr. leahy invited her to a bleachers concert .jen atkin , the celebrity hairstylist and social media star , started fussing with the flower she had sewn into the bride ’ s hair .joey maalouf , the celebrity makeup artist who is a creator of the service the glam app , whipped out a tube of lip gloss and reapplied it to the bride ’ s pucker .the structure was wrapped in white peonies , sahara roses and camellia greens .marshall goldsmith , an executive coach , author and lifelong family friend of ms. kerr , officiated .9,17292 , calling on angels while enduring the trials of job - the new york times , new york times , andy newman,2016-12-31,2016.0,12.0 , , '' angels are everywhere in the muñiz family ’ s apartment in the bronx : paintings of angels on the wall , ceramic angels flanking the ancient vcr , angels strumming lyres or blowing little golden trumpets on the bathroom shelves .zoraida ’ s early life in puerto rico was like something from a tropical dickens novel .she stopped working to take care of him .still determined to live something like a normal life , they started a family .by the time he was 2 he had had six operations .“ from there i figured that angels are taking care of me and protecting me and my family .“ so many people throw away things , so i don ’ t have to buy , ” she said .a second son , jesus , became epileptic at 3 .a girl , maria , completed the family .in 2007 , mr. muñiz had what felt like a horrible , stubborn toothache .” for years at a time , the family held on , seemingly by a thread .but jesus had school bills to pay , and the family paid some of the funeral expenses for josé sr. ’ s mother , who died over the summer , and things began to unravel .food was often scarce .it covered their back rent , got them warm coats and blankets and helped them apply for food stamps for the first time .and with $ 600 from the neediest cases fund , the family paid its electric bill .josé jr. agreed .10,17293 , weak federal powers could limit trump ’ s climate-policy rollback - the new york times , new york times , justin gillis,2017-01-03,2017.0,1.0 , , '' with donald j. trump about to take control of the white house , it would seem a dark time for the renewable energy industry .in the end , the winning bidder offered the federal treasury $ 42 million , more than twice what the government got in august for oil leases — oil leases — in the gulf of mexico .who won the bid ?none other than statoil , the norwegian oil company , which is in the midst of a major campaign to turn itself into a big player in renewable energy .that is more than $ 300 billion a year , a sign of how powerful the momentum has become .while the energy transition is real , it is still in its earliest stages .iowa may soon get 40 percent of its power from wind , but for the united states as a whole , the figure is closer to 5 percent .the transition is simply not happening fast enough .- the new york times , new york times , john schwartz,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0 , , '' thompsons , tex .it is being completed essentially on time and within its budget , unlike many previous such projects .5 billion miles , or the co2 from generating electricity for 214 , 338 homes .the exhaust stream , pushed down a snaking conduit to the petra nova equipment , is exposed to a solution of chemicals known as amines , which bond with the carbon dioxide .the plant , which has received $ 190 million from the federal government , can be economically viable if the price of oil is about $ 50 a barrel , said david knox , an nrg spokesman .despite carbon capture ’ s problems , its supporters , including the intergovernmental panel on climate change and the international energy agency , call the technology , known as carbon capture sequestration , crucial for meeting emissions standards that can prevent the worst effects of climate change .“ i think he was intrigued ” about the economic opportunity that carbon capture could provide to keep coal power generation in the national mix , she added .what ’ s it look like over the life of this plant ? ” although she concedes that a revival of coal ’ s fortunes is unlikely , carbon capture could be a way to extend the life of current facilities while keeping the nation ’ s energy mix diverse .other factions call clean coal a fig leaf to keep coal , with all of its environmental baggage , in the energy mix .dr. friedmann , the former energy official , predicted that the technology would prove its usefulness .but the government had no interest in her plan , and mr. trump later bought the property for less than $ 10 million , turning it into a club where membership costs six figures .he was also the first club owner on the island to admit an openly gay couple .trump ’ s wedge salad , ” a wild mushroom and swiss chard ravioli and a “ breakfast buffet .joe scarborough and mika brzezinski from msnbc ’ s “ morning joe ” were also there .mr. trump ’ s aides rejected the questions .“ i watched him hold court — he was so comfortable in his own skin , and so relaxed .during this trip , he has heaped praise on his ultimate choice for the job , rex w. tillerson , the head of exxon mobil .mr. trump ordered club officials to remove mr. hurt from the property , according to a facebook post by mr. hurt .and though each habit means relatively little on its own , over time , the meals we eat , how we spend our evenings , and how often we exercise have enormous impacts .in 2002 , researchers at new mexico state university studied 266 individuals , most of whom worked out at least three times a week .they found that many of them had started running or lifting weights almost on a whim , or because they suddenly had free time or wanted to deal with unexpected stresses in their lives .so to teach your brain to associate exercise with a reward , you need to give yourself something you really enjoy — like a small piece of chocolate — after your workout .but the goal here is to train your brain to associate a certain cue ( “ it ’ s 5 o ’ clock ” ) with a routine ( “ three miles down !three miles down !and then , over time , it will become automatic to lace up your jogging shoes each morning .you might also like : • the scientific workout • no time to workout ?14,17297 , turning your vacation photos into works of art - the new york times , new york times , stephanie rosenbloom,2017-04-14,2017.0,4.0 , , '' it ’ s the season for family travel and photos — and perhaps enlarging some of those images of snowy landscapes or tropical getaways to decorate your home .there are , of course , the usual print services and methods .as with all printing sites , you upload your image , zoom in closer if you like , and then click to buy .99 , a discounted price thanks to a holiday coupon — not cheap ( you can buy fine art prints on other sites for less ) but you ’ re printing on special material .photobarn will also print your photos on canvas , burlap , and other wood products , like ornaments .once you ’ ve turned the best of your travel photos into art , it ’ s time to store the rest .a number of them digitize your photos in other countries , so it can take weeks to get your images back .for affordable bulk scans , scanmyphotos .you could buy a scanner and scan your photos yourself , perhaps doing a batch for half an hour each day .personally , i don ’ t want machines around my home collecting dust ( and fast becoming outdated ) .so i decided to try the new photoscan app by google photos .however if , like me , you have a bunch of travel photos — landscapes , food , monuments — that you ’ re keeping simply because you want to remember where you were when , you may want to consider trying the app instead of giving up some privacy and spending upward of $ 150 .that is , unless the app crashes , which it did several times .even when it crashed , it took only the tap of a finger to begin again .15,17298 , '' as second avenue subway opens , a train delay ends in ( happy ) tears - the new york times '' , new york times , emma g. fitzsimmons,2017-01-02,2017.0,1.0 , , '' finally .the opening of the first segment of the line — an extension of the q train to 96th street — promises to lighten the crush of passengers on the nos .4 , 5 and 6 trains along lexington avenue , the nation ’ s most overcrowded subway line , which had been the only line on the upper east side of manhattan .4 billion .“ this woman could be my aunt she could be my cousin .” she and a stranger exchanged a knowing glance .“ representation matters , ” they agreed .andrew m. cuomo , a democrat who effectively controls the authority , pressed officials to meet the december 2016 deadline even as concerns grew that the subway would not be ready in time .“ rest assured : i ’ m not driving the train , ” he joked .about an hour earlier , the elevator at the new 86th street stop had begun to malfunction , stranding passengers above and below ground .parents became upset .taking the instrument from his suitcase , he obliged the crowd with a brief tune .16,17300 , dylann roof himself rejects best defense against execution - the new york times , new york times , kevin sack and alan blinder,2017-01-02,2017.0,1.0 , , '' pages into the journal found in dylann s. roof ’ s car — after the assertions of black inferiority , the lamentations over white powerlessness , the longing for a race war — comes an incongruous declaration .with his choice to sideline his legal team and represent himself , the second phase — when the same jury of nine whites and three blacks will decide whether to sentence him to death or to life in prison — may prove little different .” after receiving the results of a psychiatric examination in november , judge gergel found mr .the prosecutors are also likely to the considerable evidence of mr. roof ’ s premeditation and clearly articulated racial intent .even those who oppose the death penalty on moral grounds , like the rev .when the justice department elected in may to seek the death penalty , it acted against the wishes of many and of the two women he had spared .but by law , those who testify now are prohibited from telling the jury what penalty they think he should receive .roof is sentenced to death , it will be the first time a jury has done so in a prosecution involving the federal hate crimes law , according to experts on capital cases .roof was also convicted of other crimes that do .a death sentence most likely would give way to a yearslong series of appeals ( in which mr .roof could not represent himself ) .roof acted rather passively as his own lawyer when it was selected the withholding of evidence on mental health and other mitigating factors and mr. roof ’ s competence to stand trial and to represent himself .“ it ’ s something that roof will likely regret , ” mr. greenspun predicted of his choice to represent himself .mr. chechi has not been able to pay his children ’ s school fees or send money back to his village to support them for nearly two months .declaring war on corruption , mr. modi announced on nov. 8 that 500 and 1 , 000 rupee bills , worth about $ 8 and $ 15 , would be banned the next morning .“ modi , in the same way , did have a persuasive narrative that small changes at the margins can ’ t tackle problems like corruption .some saw vast amounts of untaxed holdings suddenly rendered worthless .some economists believe it could pave the way for other measures intended to discourage bribery or restructure the economy .in the united states , for every $ 100 collected in income tax , an estimated $ 20 owed is not paid , he added .once the workers gathered around , he detonated the vehicle .a minibus filled with dead passengers was on fire .late last month , the iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in baghdad in a bid to ease traffic for the capital ’ s six million residents .” several smaller bombings elsewhere in the city on monday killed at least 20 civilians and wounded at least 70 , according to medics and police officials .separately , the american military announced on monday the death of a coalition service member in iraq in a “ incident , ” without providing further details .france has suffered multiple attacks claimed by the extremist group . ''19,17303 , fecal pollution taints water at melbourne ’ s beaches after storm - the new york times , new york times , brett cole,2017-01-03,2017.0,1.0 , , '' sydney , australia — the annual beach pilgrimage during the height of summer in melbourne , australia ’ s city , is threatened by an unsettling phenomenon : shores where the tides are tainted with excrement .the agency , which takes regular water samples , rates beaches .“ i was going to take my two young boys to the beach myself over the summer , but now i ’ m concerned about whether the water is clean .playoffs : schedule , matchups and odds - the new york times '' , new york times , benjamin hoffman,2017-01-03,2017.0,1.0 , , '' when the green bay packers lost to the washington redskins in week 11 , dropping to aaron rodgers vowed to “ run the table ” in a march to the playoffs .3 seattle seahawks time : 8:15 p. m. eastern saturday on nbc the seahawks ’ title hopes took a crushing blow when earl thomas was lost for the season with a broken leg .5 giants at no .4 green bay packers time : 4:40 p. m. eastern sunday on fox thanks to playing in the n. f. c. east , home of the dallas cowboys , the giants managed to tie atlanta for the record in the n. f. c. but got stuck with the no .5 ) bye weeks : dallas , atlanta no .as bad as that sounds , it may still be enough against a reeling oakland squad that lost derek carr to a broken leg in week 16 , matt mcgloin to a shoulder injury in week 17 , and fell all the way from the no .3 pittsburgh steelers time : 1:05 p. m. eastern sunday on cbs the dolphins were a contender when the team ’ s quarterback , ryan tannehill , was lost in week 14 with injured ligaments in his left knee .the giants , who had already locked up the no .beyond the switch to the chiefs as the no .” “ i will never know the truth , but i do know that we told them three times that her mike pack was not working and it was a disastrous production , ” ms. bulochnikov told us weekly magazine on sunday .“ i ’ m certainly not calling the f. b. i. to investigate .“ i can ’ t comment beyond that and don ’ t know what her nontechnical issue may have been .” she had just finished “ auld lang syne ” when her star turn began to spiral out of control .“ let the audience sing .” abc quickly cut to shots of the times square crowd as ms. carey tried to perform some of her choreography .but this time , the prerecorded number kept playing .22,17307 , '' damaged by war , syria ’ s cultural sites rise anew in france - the new york times '' , new york times , marlise simons,2017-01-01,2017.0,1.0 , , '' paris — when the islamic state was about to be driven out of the ancient city of palmyra in march , yves ubelmann got a call from syria ’ s director of antiquities to come over in a hurry .of special interest today are ancient sites in syria , and also iraq , that have suffered from war , looting and the islamic state .it became a war of images .they shared their work with the syrian archaeologists , he said , adding , “ we also train our colleagues so they can later do this on their own .the team is now analyzing the war ’ s effects on the remains of once thriving cities dating back some 3 , 000 years , including nineveh , khorsabad and the thrashed temple and palace of nimrud , where the government drove out the jihadists in november .while jihadists were more motivated to destroy the artifacts , they had also allowed looters to operate in exchange for money .both exhibitions highlight the french government ’ s active concern about cultural damage in syria , which was briefly controlled by france in the first half of the 20th century .” this past month , france offered $ 30 million toward a proposed $ 100 million fund to protect sites as fighting abates , provide emergency storage for artifacts and eventually rehabilitate monuments .“ should we be concerned about the patrimony ? ” he asked .23,17308 , george michael ’ s freedom video : an oral history - the new york times , new york times , guy trebay and jacob bernstein,2017-01-01,2017.0,1.0 , , '' pop music and fashion never met cuter than in george michael ’ s “ freedom !sure , other catwalk favorites starred in music videos during that era , and fashion photographers like steven meisel and herb ritts were recruited by stars such as madonna , chris isaak and janet jackson to burnish their visuals .but the convergence of a maker ’ s irresistible rhythms and lyrics , a group of models at the peak of their fame and a director on the verge of his own runaway success gave “ freedom !’ 90 ” a jolt of stylish energy that has yet to fade after more than a .1 , ” brought together five models — naomi campbell , linda evangelista , christy turlington , cindy crawford and tatjana patitz — who were then the queens of fashion .it runs for six and a half minutes , and its production also gathered a team of novice professionals who would go on to become major forces in fashion , including the stylist camilla nickerson , the hairdresser guido palau , the makeup artist carol brown and the model john pearson .’ 90 ” had been viewed more than 37 million times on youtube by the time of mr. michael ’ s unexpected death at 53 last sunday .naomi campbell , model .we ’ d done a british vogue cover with peter lindbergh with all of us .he had 76 models , and it was the big finale of him designing , although none of us knew that then .i don ’ t think any of us knew what it would become .i got to see george a little bit more after that because kate moss was neighbors with him .we all did the finale , and he was rehearsing and kate and i went to watch him with this amazing choir singing “ freedom .george michael and david fincher had seen some of my work in british vogue .it was a different time then .at the time , we really didn ’ t realize how iconic the video would become .i was probably a bit naïve about the whole thing seeing how it was a bit of a job for me .tatjana patitz , model .i was in my own zone .there was another setup with me laying on a chaise longue with a black smoking jacket .i think i may have had a bustier on .george michael wasn ’ t on the set the day i was there , but i ’ d met him a few times in l. a. herb ritts shot a cover of me and him for a magazine — i ’ m trying to remember what magazine it was .a lot of magazines were pairing models with pop stars or movie stars to shoot covers .models were known by their first names , and suddenly the glamour we embodied at that time crossed over to pop music videos and film .i remember the shoot being in fall or early winter .” john pearson , model .all the big girls are doing it .i was a big george michael fan .in the end , i was paid $ 15 , 000 for the day , which is not bad to hang out with these fabulous , beautiful girls .i really didn ’ t realize how big it all was at the time .candis cayne , actress , model and former drag personality .we did the whole thing naked under white sheets .that song meant a lot to us .we just grabbed onto songs and artists who knew who and what we were , whether it was madonna with “ vogue ” and “ truth or dare ” or george michael with “ freedom ! ” i don ’ t know if he was openly gay or not , then .but it was almost o. k. because we all knew and it was such a homophobic time .my agent wasn ’ t calling .and i turned on the radio , and on came george michael ’ s new song .it was george michael at the peak of his writing skills .it was such a brilliant capstone i ’ d ever heard .it was his song .” and he just steps away .it was such a joyous song .zac posen , fashion designer .there ’ s water dripping down the walls and george michael ’ s leather jacket is on fire , and the models are naked .also up early : filling a supreme court seat , which is sure to set off a pitched showdown , and starting confirmation hearings for mr. trump ’ s cabinet nominees .” ) obstacles will also come from republicans , who are divided on how to proceed with the health care law and a pledge to rewrite the tax code .some are also skittish about certain policy proposals , like vast changes to medicare , that could prove unpopular among the broad electorate .the cleft between the two chambers recalls the situation faced by the insurgent house republican majority in the .speaker newt gingrich took control with a determined agenda , only to be stymied by the senate majority leader , bob dole , who stacked conservative house bills like so many fire logs in the back of the senate chamber .republicans are counting on their support , at least some of the time .“ democrats will do everything we can to fight back if he continues to pursue an agenda prioritizing billionaires and big corporations while devastating families and the economy .“ i think if we can provide regulatory relief right away , that can breathe a sigh of relief into the economy .given time constraints on the senate floor , members will have to pick some priorities .republicans will also move quickly to repeal the affordable care act .previously , such nominations could face a filibuster , which required 60 votes to overcome .democrats — and some republicans , who are at odds with mr. trump on the issue and may at times be a brake on him — want a vigorous investigation of its efforts to disrupt the election .- the new york times , new york times , carl hulse,2017-01-03,2017.0,1.0 , , '' washington — it ’ s or time for republicans .after a tumultuous decade that has seen profound changes in the makeup and character of their party , republicans are poised to complete their slow but steady climb back to power as they seize control of the house , senate and the white house for the first time since 2006 .now they must show they can deliver .and they know it .republicans must also maneuver while facing slightly expanded democratic minorities in the house and senate , in a climate that is , in many respects , even more hostile than it was before the november elections .when the newt party took over the house in 1995 for the first time in four decades , newly empowered republicans sent a raft of legislation to the senate , only to see it stall there .now it is time to see what they can do with it . ''26,17312 , '' istanbul , donald trump , benjamin netanyahu : your morning briefing - the new york times '' , new york times , charles mcdermid,2017-01-03,2017.0,1.0 , , '' good morning ._____ • “ we need to fight black money , even though it is hurting little people like me .india ’ s supreme court ruled that candidates for political office may not run on or appeals ._____ • spacex traced the explosion of its falcon 9 rocket in september to the unexpected interplay of supercold helium and oxygen with carbon fibers and aluminum .• american tech giants like google , apple and facebook are on a collision course with european regulators over issues including privacy and taxes .• china ’ s pledge to shut down its commercial ivory trade is galvanizing support among african trading partners and could boost its international standing .[ the new york times ] • suicide bombers struck the international airport in mogadishu , somalia , killing at least three security officers .[ al jazeera ] • a prison battle in brazil between gangs fighting for control of the cocaine trade left about 60 inmates dead — some decapitated .[ the new york times ] • prime minister benjamin netanyahu of israel was questioned by police investigators , indicating that a graft inquiry has become a criminal investigation .[ the new york times ] • pan pan , a panda who fathered nearly a quarter of the world ’ s captive pandas , died last week at a conservation center in china ’ s sichuan province .[ earthsky ] • a cache of notes left by richard nixon ’ s closest aide shows that nixon , for domestic political reasons , sabotaged a 1968 peace initiative that could have brought the vietnam war to an early end .fans around the world plan to toast “ the professor ” at 9 p. m. local time .but in 1973 , opec cut oil shipments to the united states for supporting israel in a war with its arab neighbors .in 1974 , president richard m. nixon signed the emergency highway energy conservation act , lowering the speed limit to reduce consumption .what would you like to see here ?he added that the commander , who arrived hours after the discovery on a planned visit with his british counterpart , had immediately described the death as “ the worst thing that happened ” under his watch in the iraq war .2 million service members did not believe in torture .” the general ’ s beliefs were shaped by his military training , but also by his experiences in dealing with issues related to torture or mistreatment , according to an examination of his nearly career and interviews with former colleagues and friends .a marine who enlisted in 1969 while attending college — part of an r. o. t. c. program during the height of the vietnam war — he did not deploy to vietnam .a recent investigation by the new york times found that many terrorism suspects subjected to harsh tactics in c. i .however , he added , they should be treated humanely , in accordance with international and domestic law .he also underwent questioning by a special marine interrogation squad .a marine guard later testified that he had often heard yelling , screaming and banging from the interrogation room , a converted bathroom .after midnight on june 6 , 2003 , mr. hatab was found dead in a courtyard where he had been left lying for hours , his body covered in his own feces .in colonel gallo ’ s opinion , the treatment did not amount to torture , but the command had failed to provide adequate predeployment training in handling prisoners and in the law of war .a rare exception came in november , when the group claimed to be behind a deadly car bombing in southeastern turkey .but that policy ultimately changed , as turkey worked to secure its borders , under pressure from its allies as it took in millions of syrian refugees and as terrorist attacks rocked the country .“ we ’ re no longer in mode .at the same time , he added , “ the counterterrorism challenges are real .he remains defensive about the lessons of that journey .it also chastened him about his own hopes .“ i would willingly take up arms myself to prevent such tragedy from happening again , ” he told the crowd that day in chicago ’ s federal plaza .was it simply to prevent afghanistan from being a safe haven for al qaeda ?or was it to turn afghanistan into another denmark ?“ the goal i set — to defeat al qaeda , and deny it a chance to rebuild — is now within our reach .” earlier , mr. obama had met for an hour with mr. karzai .” when mr. obama convened his national security council that day in august 2015 , the taliban were regrouping again .he was , he conceded , a “ broken record ” on this issue .the 10 , 000 soldiers in the country would carry out a singular , ruthless mission of killing suspected terrorists and keeping the country from spiraling out of control .mr. obama liked that idea .in the interview in september , he disputed the suggestion that his policy had failed .they were training and assisting afghan troops , even if the line between that and actual combat was sometimes blurry .“ as commander in chief of the most powerful military in the world , ” he went on , “ i spend a lot of time brooding over these issues .but the thought of tackling the kitchen junk drawer — or even taking down the decorations — can be overwhelming .wrap fragile ornaments in leftover tissue paper or newspaper , or invest in storage containers like archival ornament boxes from the container store .“ for the others , appreciate them as you receive them and then kindly send them to the trash .’ ” tackle the toys organizing pros agree that the best way to keep toys from taking over is to get children involved in selecting some to donate .to ward off atrophy , buy a drawer organizer , suggested ms. lowenheim , who uses expandable drawer organizers from staples in her own home .mr. netanyahu , who has been subject to police inquiries and investigations in the past that ended without charges , has vehemently denied any impropriety .“ try to replace the prime minister at the ballot boxes , as is accepted in democracies , ” it added .” “ hold off the celebrations don ’ t rush , ” he added .for mr. netanyahu ’ s opponents , the prospect of a possible indictment has provided a glimmer of hope , even though elections are not scheduled until late 2019 .” he added , “ we are not expressing satisfaction at another ’ s misfortune .” mr. herzog has also been the subject of police investigations over campaign funding .” israeli prime ministers are not obligated to step down while under investigation , unless they are charged with a crime .his predecessor , ehud olmert , was forced from power in 2008 under the weight of police investigations and accusations of corruption , although he remained in office as a caretaker prime minister until early elections could be held in 2009 .the inquiries have ranged from scandals involving travel expenses and garden furniture — the netanyahus were suspected of having switched a new set bought for the prime minister ’ s official residence with an identical , old set in their private home in caesarea — to a more recent one involving a deal with germany for the acquisition of submarines .that agreement came under scrutiny after it became known that mr. netanyahu ’ s personal lawyer also represents the israeli agent of the german shipyard that builds the submarines , and other naval equipment purchased by israel , giving rise to suspicion of a conflict of interest .32,17321 , '' france lets workers turn off , tune out and live life - the new york times '' , new york times , alissa j. rubin,2017-01-03,2017.0,1.0 , , '' paris — if the world does not envy the french enough already for their generous vacations , universal health care and fine food and wine , the arrival of 2017 brings this : a newly created “ right to disconnect .but it is born of the enlightened view that it is actually beneficial for people not to work all the time , and that workers have the right to occasionally draw the line when their employer ’ s demands intrude on evenings at home , treasured vacations or sundays with friends and family .another approach recommends setting a time each evening after which employees are not expected to reply — several firms have designated the 10 hours between 9 p. m. and 7 a. m. others the 12 hours between 7 p. m. and 7 a. m. as a country with catholic roots , but also a commitment to personal liberties , france has had an ambivalent approach to divorce .it has long been legal , but not necessarily speedy .now , if both members of the couple agree on the divorce , lawyers can draw up the divorce agreement , jointly sign the papers and have them notarized .no judges need be involved .in 2019 , the antipesticide law will expand to include amateur gardeners — a challenge not only for the french with backyard rows of dahlias and daisies , but also for those who nurse roses in their window boxes .33,17323 , '' airline pilot , believed to be drunk , is pulled from cockpit in canada - the new york times '' , new york times , ian austen,2017-01-03,2017.0,1.0 , , '' ottawa — it was 7 a. m. and 99 passengers and six crew members were aboard a 737 on the tarmac at calgary international airport , bound for a sunny holiday in cancun , mexico .mr. gronych was charged with two criminal offenses : having care and control of an aircraft while impaired , and having care and control of an aircraft while testing for more than 80 milligrams of alcohol per 100 milliliters of blood .he will appear in court again on thursday .34,17324 , riot by drug gangs in brazil prison leaves at least 56 dead - the new york times , new york times , simon romero,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0 , , '' rio de janeiro — a prison riot involving gangs vying for supremacy over the cocaine trade in the brazilian amazon left at least 56 people dead , the authorities in the city of manaus said on monday .1 million .in the riot in manaus , inmates took dozens of fellow prisoners hostage .they also seized 12 employees of umanizzare , a private contractor that operates prisons in the amazon .negotiators eventually won the release of the hostages by assuring the inmates that they would not be harmed or transferred to other prisons .the investigation narrowed in on three helium containers within the liquid oxygen tank .in addition , the helium may have been below the temperature at which oxygen freezes , and some of the trapped oxygen may have become solid .tests at spacex ’ s facilities in hawthorne , calif. and mcgregor , tex .the school calls the gym the lions ’ den , but many visitors call it the dungeon and liken playing there to playing hockey inside a box .“ but inside , it ’ s a whole world unto itself , and supercompetitive .there are also 12 girls ’ teams , which play in the spring season .the season runs from late october through march .mayer schiller , a hasidic rabbi who in the 1990s coached yeshiva university high school to six consecutive league championships , is recognized as the progenitor of the yeshiva floor hockey scene .he was hard to miss , since he coached wearing his black hat and coat .rabbi schiller , 65 , still an avid fan of rock , pop and punk music , established the now popular tradition of having players enter the gym to loud music .37,17327 , inside jonathan lethem ’ s oddball trove - the new york times , new york times , jennifer schuessler,2017-01-02,2017.0,1.0 , , '' writers are different from the rest of us .jonathan lethem , 52 , recently became the latest author to sell his personal paper trail to a major archive .the beinecke rare book manuscript library at yale university acquired a trove of his manuscripts , letters , notes and other artifacts , which will now sit alongside material from walt whitman , sinclair lewis , james baldwin and marilynne robinson in its rich american literature collection .“ it was more like i was collecting my own weird artifacts from a pretend universe where man was a real comic .” mr. lethem swiped this sticker after stumbling on a shoot for the 1979 movie “ the warriors ” in the subway station in brooklyn , which was standing in for the times square station .” the archive contains typescripts of his novels , often affixed with alternate titles .( would “ motherless brooklyn ” have been a hit if it had been called “ jerks from nowhere ” ? )this kind of weird probably had to do with externalizing my superego and answering the question ‘ who are you and what did you actually do today ?” some of the goofy character names in mr. lethem ’ s novels are drawn from lists he typed up early in his career , a habit he connects with the wordplay of “ motherless brooklyn , ” whose narrator has tourette ’ s syndrome .’ ” names from this list showed up in “ gun , with occasional music ” ( 1994 ) and “ chronic city ” ( 2009 ) .“ the fortress of solitude , ” inspired by mr. lethem ’ s brooklyn childhood , describes a store called samuel j. underberg , “ a site of mysterious life , ” where graffiti artists came to buy ink that was specially formulated for stamping prices on slimy packages of meat and therefore ideal for tagging .while writing , mr. lethem acquired some random items from the real underberg ’ s ( now demolished ) which are shown here with a 1978 billboard hot 100 list , an old calendar and other research materials .but her parents died before that could happen .they also secured employment .in october 2015 , they received their green cards .only this time , he is not collecting a paycheck for it .he has not given up hope that he will find a job that lets him continue his passion for service while providing a decent income .“ it would deplete my energy .the reversal came less than 24 hours after house republicans , meeting in a secret session , voted to curtail the powers of the office of congressional ethics , an independent body created in 2008 after a series of scandals involving house lawmakers , including three who were sent to jail .( internet searches for the words “ who is my representative ” surged after news of the plan broke monday night and peaked tuesday morning , according to google . )“ probably not the way you want to start out .mr. mccarthy suggested that he and mr. ryan did not have the power to simply order other republicans to take their advice .this was not the first time that house lawmakers — democrats or republicans — had tried to curtail the powers or budget of the office of congressional ethics , which some lawmakers see as being too aggressive in its investigations , even though it is routinely cheered by nonprofit ethics groups on both the left and the right .the house ethics committee , the only body that has the power to actually punish lawmakers , also frequently clashed with the office , which serves more as a grand jury that investigates allegations and issues findings to the ethics committee of probable cause of misdeeds .for example , the committee tried in 2015 to force the office of congressional ethics to shut down its investigation into allegations that nine house lawmakers ’ trips to azerbaijan in 2013 had been improperly paid for , in part , by a foreign government entity .some of the lawmakers also accepted improper gifts during the trips , including rugs and crystal .the office of congressional ethics refused to shut down its inquiry , and it published its findings on its own after the ethics committee voted to clear the lawmakers of wrongdoing ( although the committee urged them to return the gifts ) .after their reversal on tuesday , house republicans agreed to ask the ethics committee to examine the office of congressional ethics and recommend possible changes by this summer to address the concerns that some members have raised .debate begins today on legislation to dismantle major parts of the affordable care act .a video appears to show the suspect recording himself as he walked through the city .• u. s. stocks were up on tuesday .while it bakes , read about ruby tandoh , the popular british cookbook author who urges us simply to eat what we love ._____ photographs may appear out of order for some readers .what would you like to see here ?you can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox . ''on a day usually reserved for pomp , constitutionally mandated procedure and small children parading around in fancy dresses , congress instead pitched itself into partisan battles .as democrats in both chambers seethed , senator mitch mcconnell of kentucky , the majority leader , unveiled the legislative language that could decimate the affordable care act before the crocuses start to bloom in the spring , even if any replacement of the law could take years .under arcane budget procedures , that legislation would be protected from a democratic filibuster and could pass the senate with a simple majority .that provoked an outcry from both democrats and voters who flooded house offices with angry calls .’ ” after a hastily called meeting on tuesday morning among republicans , the matter was dropped before it could go to the full house floor for a vote .” he added , “ if trump lets the members of congress and his cabinet run the show , if he adopts their timeworn policies — which benefit the elites , the special interests and corporate america , not the working man and woman — his presidency will not succeed .” on tuesday , the house also adopted rules clearing the way for legislation to roll back the health care law .such resolutions are normally developed after weeks of work in the budget committee .nor does it specify or even suggest how republicans would replace the affordable care act , which the obama administration says has provided coverage to some 20 million people who were previously uninsured .republicans have said they may delay the effective date of a repeal bill , to avoid disrupting coverage for people who have it and to provide time for republicans to develop alternatives to the 2010 health law .he must be confirmed by the senate .proponents of trade hope the broader circle , and congressional republicans , will exert a moderating influence .a broader shift in trade policy would unfold more slowly .he has promised to pursue enforcement actions against other nations , but it takes time to mount cases .ford ’ s announcement tuesday does not reverse that trend .and that was hardly an unexpected query — for mrs. clinton or for her rival , senator bernie sanders of vermont .vice mike pence countered with his own visit to congressional republicans .” and mr. trump weighed in on twitter , trying to stiffen republican spines as democrats press their point that a fast gutting of the law will endanger the health care of 20 million people covered under the law and put at risk tens of millions more with health problems .elor azaria of manslaughter for shooting a palestinian assailant in the head as he lay wounded on the ground , they were ruling not just on his conduct but also on the host of ethical and political issues it raised .since the shooting in the occupied west bank city of hebron in march , the case has polarized israelis and rocked the pedestal on which the military normally stands .israel ’ s defense minister , avigdor lieberman , called wednesday ’ s decision “ a tough verdict .” mr. lieberman , as a member of the parliamentary opposition before his cabinet appointment , had attended the military court to support sergeant azaria and called the legal proceedings a “ theater of the absurd .the military ’ s high command had denounced the shooting immediately after it happened , calling it a grave breach of proper military conduct .local television stations frequently showed images of sergeant azaria ’ s distraught parents hugging him in court .” in remarks recorded before the verdict , the military ’ s chief of staff , lt. gen. gadi eisenkot , tried to puncture that narrative .the video showed calm had been restored .yusri mr. sharif ’ s father , told reporters that the verdict was “ a good step ” but that he hoped there would be no lenience in the sentencing , which is scheduled for jan. 15 .- the new york times , new york times , gretchen reynolds,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0 , , '' stuck at your work desk ?to start , the researchers invited 30 sedentary adult office workers to a university clinic to complete a battery of health tests and questionnaires .the volunteers also repeated the computerized testing of their thinking skills at the close of each session .the numbers showed that on almost all measures , the subjects ’ ratings of how they were feeling rose when they did not sit for six uninterrupted hours .on other measures , though , the walks were more potent than the concentrated version .when the workers rose most often , they reported greater happiness , less fatigue and considerably less craving for food than on either of the other days .their feelings of vigor also tended to increase throughout the day , while they often had plateaued by early afternoon after walking only once in the morning .stress hormones also remained steady during each visit .this study , however , was small in scale , and limited by its dependence on the volunteers ’ perceptions of their responses to the experiment .47,17338 , it ’ s time to ignore advice about which stocks to buy in 2017 - the new york times , new york times , damon darlin,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0 , , '' it ’ s that time of year when financial advice sites issue their lists of the “ stocks to buy for 2017 .” before you take them up on their suggestions , let ’ s look at how well such portfolios did in 2016 .the portfolios of stocks they were telling you to buy generally did much worse than the stock market over all .( the times ’ s “ your money ” columnist wrote more on this here . )in 2016 , the broad s. p. stock index increased 9 .5 percent .9 percent , and barron ’ s returned 5 .3 percent .6 percent .but vanguard ’ s total stock index fund returned 12 .we even calculated these returns by assuming that any of the dividends were reinvested , but still none beat the widely owned index fund .unsophisticated investors are being persuaded that they should own a sheaf of stocks .48,17339 , '' megyn kelly ’ s jump to nbc from fox news will test her , and the networks - the new york times '' , new york times , jim rutenberg,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0 , , '' for megyn kelly , the shift from fox news to nbc — where she will host a daily daytime show and a sunday newsmagazine program — will be a test of whether she can connect with a broader audience in a different format and reach another level of television stardom .the murdoch family , which controls fox news ’ s parent company , 21st century fox , had become so invested in ms. kelly as a franchise that they were prepared to pay her a salary of more than $ 20 million a year .her departure , coming after that of greta van susteren , also means that fox faces the prospect of having no female host in prime time .he then came back with a deal that was tailored to her preferences .a daytime show would give her a schedule that would allow her to see her children off to school and to have dinner with them and her husband , douglas brunt , a novelist .but even a modest raise for ms. kelly would place her among television ’ s journalists .that show will be in the vein of cbs ’ s “ 60 minutes , ” where mr .lack worked early in his career .her last show on fox is on friday . ''ms. kelly will have to design her daytime talk show from scratch .a daily daytime talk show also poses risks .” the audience for daytime television is also significantly more diverse than fox ’ s viewership .starting a sunday rival to “ 60 minutes , ” the among newsmagazines , is likewise no easy task .nbc ’ s most recent newsmagazine , “ on assignment , ” ran against “ 60 minutes ” over five weeks the show averaged about four million viewers , compared with more than nine million for “ 60 minutes , ” which broadcast two repeats during that time .( this season , “ 60 minutes ” is averaging more than 14 million viewers . )it is also unclear how nbc will accommodate ms. kelly ’ s show during the national football league season , when nbc ’ s popular “ sunday night football ” package includes a highly rated pregame show that begins at 7 p. m. eastern .lack presided over nbc in the 1990s when newsmagazines , including the network ’ s popular “ dateline , ” dominated lineups .her departure stunned the fox newsroom , where journalists and executives spent tuesday afternoon speculating over which anchor might replace ms. kelly in the coveted 9 p. m. slot — and wondering if ms. kelly would even appear that night .when greta van susteren , another veteran anchor , announced her departure in september , network representatives visited her home to tell her not to bother coming in .in the end , ms. kelly was granted a chance to bid farewell to fox news viewers — her last show is friday .kimberly guilfoyle , a host of “ the five ” who is friendly with mr. trump ’ s circle , and tucker carlson , who has put up high ratings since taking over fox news ’ s 7 p. m. slot , have also been suggested .cnn , while still behind fox news in total viewers by a wide margin , has occasionally beaten fox among viewers 25 to 54 , the demographic that determines advertising rates .in 2016 , cnn finished within 58 , 000 viewers of fox in prime time in the demographic — cutting fox ’ s lead in half .since the election , fox has regained a sizable lead , but now , without spending a penny , cnn will now have an opportunity to take another run at fox ’ s advantage . ''it is a moonshot for china , whose teams have ranked poor to middling in recent international competition .these giddying sums are shaking the landscape of pro soccer .“ my biggest hope for chinese soccer is that its teams become among the world ’ s best , ” he announced in 2015 .as well as paying tens of millions for foreign players , chinese team owners have spent hundreds of millions of dollars buying into european clubs , hoping to tap their coaching and marketing expertise .“ spending big on players is also about acquiring heroes and icons .there has been resistance by parents , worried about their children taking precious time away from academics , as well as fear that splurging on foreign stars diverts money and attention from fostering homegrown talent .in september , he revisited his old school in beijing , where he learned to kick and became a fan of the game , according to memoirs of his former teacher .some parents discourage their children from committing time to sports , mr. dai said , because they have so much homework and face stiff competition on academic exams .” drawn by such hopes , parents pay up to about $ 8 , 700 a year to send children here , where 24 spanish coaches oversee training .some schools , facing a shortage of coaches and space for fields , have devised their own drills , like soccer gymnastics , in which children stand in lines tossing a ball up , down and around .on a recent afternoon , the smog that often covers beijing lifted and the children of caoqiao elementary school rushed onto the fields , shouting and squealing with delight .“ but at midday i notified the kids that it was back on , and they all went crazy with relief .51,17342 , tech giants seem invincible .the dynamic is so dependable that it is often taken to be a kind of axiom .in the united states , europe , asia and south america , the five find themselves increasingly arrayed against legal and regulatory powers , and often even against popular will .