Obama listened for a while, then cut him off. “We can’t worry about how neighborhoods relate to each other in Kandahar,” he curtly told General Petraeus, according to people in the room. “Obama believes the military can do enormous things,” said Benjamin J. Rhodes, the deputy national security adviser. “It can win wars and stabilize conflicts. But a military can’t create a political culture or build a society. ” By the end of his first term, Mr. Obama had evolved to the point that he fully embraced the concept “Afghan good enough. ” The phrase, which had been kicked around the White House since 2010, referred to the shift away from   to a policy that was content with taking out the terrorists, preventing the Taliban from overrunning the country and putting a premium on getting the troops out. By that new standard, things had improved in Afghanistan. By August 2010, 100, 000 American troops were on the ground in Afghanistan and were pushing back the Taliban in some critical areas. Despite uneven progress in the military campaign, Ryan Crocker, a diplomat who had reopened the American Embassy in Kabul in 2002 and served there again as ambassador in 2011, recalled thinking, “Wow, this place looks great!” The Navy SEAL raid that killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan in May 2011 added to Mr. Obama’s conviction that he was on the way to closing the books on the war. At midnight on May 1, 2012, Air Force One rolled out from behind a hangar at Joint Base Andrews to pick up the president for a secret trip to Afghanistan. He was going to sign a strategic partnership agreement with President Hamid Karzai that set the terms for relations after 2014, when the United States was scheduled to withdraw its combat troops and turn over Afghanistan’s security to the Afghans. Aides to Mr. Obama had advised him not to go for security reasons, but he saw it as an important milestone. The agreement promised an “enduring partnership” between the United States and Afghanistan, with pledges of American help in developing the Afghan economy and public institutions. Yet the promises obscured a starker reality: Mr. Obama had accelerated the timetable for drawing down American troops, and he was looking beyond the war. Speaking to a national TV audience from Bagram Air Base, he suggested that America’s experience in Afghanistan had come full circle. “One year ago, from a base here in Afghanistan, our troops launched the operation that killed Osama bin Laden,” he said. “The goal I set  —   to defeat Al Qaeda, and deny it a chance to rebuild  —   is now within our reach. ” Earlier, Mr. Obama had met for an hour with Mr. Karzai. The two had long had a rocky relationship  —   on an earlier trip, Mr. Obama excoriated Mr. Karzai for the rampant corruption in the Afghan government  —   and this session did little to improve their rapport. Mr. Crocker recalled that the president was “very aloof, almost cold, which bothered me a bit because I’d worked a solid damn year to get Karzai in a better place with us. ” Things never warmed up between them. When Mr. Karzai refused to sign a   security agreement with Washington, Mr. Obama gave up on him to focus on his successor, Ashraf Ghani. The experience left a lasting imprint on the president, his aides said. He concluded that without the right partner, it was impossible for the United States to succeed, no matter how much blood and treasure it poured into a country. It was an insight that Mr. Obama applied to his relations with other countries, from Pakistan to Israel, where his poor relationships with the leaders impeded progress. “The most underappreciated part of foreign policy,” Mr. Rhodes said, “is dealing with flawed partners. ” When Mr. Obama convened his National Security Council that day in August 2015, the Taliban were regrouping again. They had carried out audacious terrorist attacks in the center of Kabul and had mounted a military offensive in the provinces of Kunduz and Oruzgan. Worse, there was a new threat in the form of the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, which sprouted in the poisonous soil of Iraq after the United States left and was finding recruits in the Hindu Kush. Mr. Obama had rejected a chorus of calls in Washington to delay the drawdown, under which the residual force of American troops was to leave Afghanistan by the end of 2016. “The mantra I heard was that the president does not want to hand off to his successor the mess he inherited,” said Daniel F. Feldman, who served as the special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan in 2014 and 2015. But as the Islamic State became a dire enough threat to return American troops to Iraq, Mr. Obama felt compelled to change course on Afghanistan. “ISIL thrived in a vacuum in Iraq and it pointed to a similar vacuum in Afghanistan,” Mr. Rhodes said. Mr. Obama, he said, was prodded by more than fear. After a long stretch of political paralysis, Afghanistan formed a government with Mr. Ghani in the presidency. For the first time since taking office, Mr. Obama felt like he had a partner with whom he could do business. The   Afghan Army was taking heavy casualties fighting the Taliban, and the president believed that the United States had an obligation to help them. But as Mr. Obama’s war council met that August morning, the level of American support remained the subject of intense debate. Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. a skeptic about Afghanistan going back to 2009, argued that the country would revert to chaos, regardless of how long the United States stayed there. “It doesn’t matter if we leave tomorrow or 10 years from now,” he declared, according to those in the room. He was, he conceded, a “broken record” on this issue. Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, who had succeeded Admiral Mullen as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, recommended that the United States maintain a military presence in Kabul, and at Bagram and a scattering of bases in the east and south. The 10, 000 soldiers in the country would carry out a singular, ruthless mission of killing suspected terrorists and keeping the country from spiraling out of control. The imperative, General Dempsey told Mr. Obama, was that Afghanistan fit into a broader counterterrorism policy from Central Asia to North Africa to extend “well beyond your presidency,” according to several officials. Mr. Obama liked that idea. It was in line, he said, with the principles he had laid out in a 2014 speech at the United States Military Academy in West Point, N. Y. where he said America would train and equip foreign armies but leave the   fighting to them. He acknowledged that it would mean handing off Afghanistan to his successor as unfinished business. “This goes to the politics of what I’m leaving for the next president,” he told the group, according to one of the participants. “My interest is not to sign them up for 10 years of X,” he added, referring to troop numbers, “but to lay out a vision and to put stakes in the ground for that vision. ” Mr. Obama now seems at an uneasy peace. In the interview in September, he disputed the suggestion that his policy had failed. He had, after all, reduced the number of American troops to fewer than 10, 000 from more than 100, 000. They were training and assisting Afghan troops, even if the line between that and actual combat was sometimes blurry. The country had been broken to begin with, he said, and America was never going to fix it. “Afghanistan was one of the poorest countries in the world with the lowest literacy rates in the world before we got there. It continues to be,” Mr. Obama said. The country “was riven with all kinds of ethnic and tribal divisions before we got there. It’s still there. ” In the end, Afghanistan became the template for a new kind of warfare  —   a chronic conflict, across an arc of unstable states, in which the United States is a participant, if not the principal actor. At a NATO summit meeting in Warsaw in July, Mr. Obama acknowledged that this prospect would disappoint an American public still suffering from combat fatigue. “It’s very hard for us ever to get the satisfaction of MacArthur and the emperor meeting, and a war being officially over,” he said. “As commander in chief of the most powerful military in the world,” he went on, “I spend a lot of time brooding over these issues. And I’m not satisfied we’ve got it perfect yet. ”"
30,17318,Tips for Your Post-Holiday Clutter Purge - The New York Times,New York Times,Michelle Higgins,2017-04-11,2017.0,4.0,,"With the year winding down and New Year’s resolutions just around the corner, it’s time to gear up for that   clutter purge. But the thought of tackling the kitchen junk drawer  —   or even taking down the decorations  —   can be overwhelming. So to help motivate you, several organizing professionals offered tips on how to streamline your closets, beat back the toys taking over the living room and, yes, finally deal with that junk drawer. START WITH THE HOLIDAY TRAPPINGS To keep plastic ornaments and Hanukkah candles organized, use small containers you already have on hand, like popcorn and cookie tins or empty shoeboxes and egg cartons. Wrap fragile ornaments in leftover tissue paper or newspaper, or invest in storage containers like archival ornament boxes from the Container Store. For strings of lights and garlands, use zip ties to avoid tangles and put them in plastic bags labeled according to use (tree lights, porch lights, balcony, bushes, etc. ). Zip ties can also be used on wreaths, so that they can be hung on coat hangers and covered with plastic garment bags from the dry cleaner. To avoid a stockpile of holiday cards, “save only those that are meaningful and special,” Tova Weinstock, a professional organizer in Brooklyn, said. “For the others, appreciate them as you receive them and then kindly send them to the trash. ” EDIT YOUR CLOSET Eliminating clothes you never wear is easier said than done. “I don’t believe in ‘If you haven’t used or worn something in a year, get rid of it,’” said Laura Cattano, another organizer in Brooklyn. “How you want to live moving forward is a much better guide for editing than whether or not you actually have used something in the past. ” Focus on the image you would like to project, she said, then start at one end of the closet and review each piece, pulling out those you know you can toss, donate or sell. Try on anything you haven’t worn in a while and consider how it makes you feel or if it could be styled differently. Clothes you have forgotten about could be “your new favorite thing,” she said, while there may be some pieces you wear all the time that should be retired. (If you subscribe to the Marie Kondo method of decluttering, ask yourself, “Does it ‘spark joy? ’”) Sort clothes by type, grouping pants together, then shirts or blouses, jackets or dresses. “If you can’t see it, you won’t wear it,” said Sharon Lowenheim, an organizer on the Upper East Side of Manhattan and the founder of the Organizing Goddess. “So remove dry cleaning bags and hang only one item per hanger. ” Arranging shirts by sleeve length, with the shortest at the front, makes them easier to find, said Ms. Lowenheim, who also subscribes to a rotation method: selecting garments to wear from the front of each section, then hanging them up toward the back after they are cleaned. “If you find yourself continually bypassing an item at the front, that is a signal to you that you just don’t like that item,” she said. “Get rid of it. ” Another way to keep your closet streamlined is to store   clothes out of sight, said Faith Roberson, an organizer in Manhattan and the founder of Organize With Faith. When clothes have been put away for half the year and you’ve done fine without them, “it changes your perspective,” she said. “You can honestly ask yourself, ‘Do I actually love this piece? And if I don’t, why am I holding onto it? ’” TACKLE THE TOYS Organizing pros agree that the best way to keep toys from taking over is to get children involved in selecting some to donate. “Finding a charity that provides toys to less fortunate children is very motivating for a child,” said Ms. Lowenheim, whose    daughter purged her playthings in this manner before each birthday and holiday, starting when she was a toddler. Before that, Ms. Lowenheim said, she would sneak into her daughter’s room while she was sleeping to gather up the games and stuffed animals she was no longer playing with. “When she was around 3, she started noticing if something was missing and would ask me about it,” Ms. Lowenheim said. “At that point, I realized that I had to involve her in the process. ” If they cooperate, be sure to respect their decision, Ms. Roberson said, even if they choose something you wouldn’t have. “Parents think about the money they’ve spent,” she said, or the sentimental value, which can make them reluctant to let go of that American Girl doll or the train set from Aunt Joan. Another strategy is to encourage them to sell the toys they no longer play with, either online or at a garage sale, and keep the proceeds for themselves. Once the toys have been pared down, Ms. Roberson swears by clear shoe or sweater drawers for storage. “They are stackable, they have dividers, are easy to clean, easy to label, and they come in four different sizes,” she said. To help maintain order, “label where each toy goes,” said Ms. Lowenheim, who recommends installing a tall bookcase and putting paints, jigsaw puzzles and other games that tend to leave a mess on the highest shelf. If your child is too young to read, label the containers with stickers or pictures. If everything has “a home” to return to at the end of the day, she said, cleanup will be easier. AND THAT JUNK DRAWER . .. “Don’t waste your time standing over the drawer sifting through it piece by piece,” Ms. Roberson said. Dump everything onto the floor or countertop, divide it into piles and then ask yourself: Do I want it? Does it work? Does it need to be in the junk drawer? If not, where else could it go? “Take it easy, and go pile by pile,” she said. Put things where they belong (like that miniature tube of toothpaste you got from the dentist that should go in your toiletries bag) and discard things you don’t need, like old keys and expired batteries and coupons. To ward off atrophy, buy a drawer organizer, suggested Ms. Lowenheim, who uses expandable drawer organizers from Staples in her own home. “The key thing is to measure the drawer, then find the organizer that best fits the space,” she said. “If it’s too small, it won’t help. ” The reward? “Keeping everything sorted by type,” she said, “will make it easier for you to find something when you need it. ”"
31,17319,Benjamin Netanyahu Questioned in Israel Graft Inquiry - The New York Times,New York Times,Isabel Kershner,2017-01-03,2017.0,1.0,,"JERUSALEM  —   Israeli police investigators questioned Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for three hours at his official residence on Monday evening on suspicion of receiving illicit gifts and favors from business executives. Mr. Netanyahu was questioned “under caution,” the police said in a statement, implying that there were grounds to suspect that Mr. Netanyahu might have committed a criminal offense. “No further details can be given at this stage,” the statement added. The Ministry of Justice said late Monday that Mr. Netanyahu had been questioned by investigators from Lahav 433, a police fraud investigation and prosecution unit, with the authorization of the attorney general, Avichai Mandelblit. In a detailed statement, the ministry described how the police had gathered testimony from dozens of witnesses, some abroad, and seized documents during a monthslong graft inquiry. While some aspects of the inquiry did not yield evidence of crimes, the statement said, other parts warranted a deeper investigation. Mr. Netanyahu, who has been subject to police inquiries and investigations in the past that ended without charges, has vehemently denied any impropriety. “This will all come to nothing, because there is nothing,” he has said repeatedly of the latest accusations. Local news outlets say the investigators are focused on two separate cases, one more serious than the other, but they have offered little detail on the more serious one. The less weighty one, according to reports in the newspaper Haaretz and other outlets, concerns favors for Mr. Netanyahu, and possibly for members of his family, given by Israeli and foreign business executives. The Israeli police took testimony from Ronald S. Lauder, a conservative American businessman and philanthropist, and a close friend of Mr. Netanyahu’s, when he came to Israel in late September to attend the funeral of Shimon Peres, the former prime minister and president. Upon Mr. Lauder’s arrival in Israel, he was asked to meet with the Israeli police “and respond to questions related to an investigation, to which Mr. Lauder is not a party,” Helena Beilin, a Tel   lawyer representing Mr. Lauder, said in a statement. “After a short meeting the following day, he was told that his presence was no longer needed and that there would be no need for additional meetings. This remains the case. ” Mr. Netanyahu’s office, suggesting that he is the victim of a witch hunt, issued a statement over the weekend berating the news organizations for what it described as premature and politically motivated reports. “Try to replace the prime minister at the ballot boxes, as is accepted in democracies,” it added. In televised remarks on Monday afternoon, Mr. Netanyahu told legislators from his conservative Likud Party in Parliament, “We hear the celebratory spirit and winds blowing through the television studios and in the corridors of the opposition. ” “Hold off the celebrations don’t rush,” he added. “I’ve told you before and will tell you again  —   this will come to nothing, because there is nothing. ” Mr. Netanyahu is serving his third consecutive term in office, and his fourth over all. He has exuded confidence lately, lashing out at journalists who have been critical of him, talking up Israel’s diplomatic and economic achievements, and calling in the United States ambassador to Israel, Daniel B. Shapiro, for a dressing down late last month after the Obama administration decided not to use its veto to shield Israel from a United Nations Security Council resolution that condemned Israeli settlement construction in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem. Mr. Netanyahu, generally a popular prime minister, has developed a combative relationship with the local mainstream news media. After years of tension with the Obama administration, he also appears buoyed by the prospect of a partnership with   Donald J. Trump, who seems more sympathetic to Israeli government policies on issues like settlements. For Mr. Netanyahu’s opponents, the prospect of a possible indictment has provided a glimmer of hope, even though elections are not scheduled until late 2019. “This creates an unusual dynamic in Israeli politics,” said Nahum Barnea, a political columnist for the newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth and a critic of Mr. Netanyahu. On the one hand, Mr. Barnea said, there were already signs that Netanyahu loyalists would try to promote legislation banning investigations of sitting prime ministers. On the other, he said, the question of who might succeed Mr. Netanyahu, who has no natural heir in his party, was bound to be raised. Opposition leaders were fairly subdued in their initial response. Isaac Herzog, the leader of the Zionist Union and of the opposition in Parliament, said it was “a tough day for Israel when a prime minister is under investigation. ” He added, “We are not expressing satisfaction at another’s misfortune. ” Mr. Herzog has also been the subject of police investigations over campaign funding. Yair Lapid, the leader of the centrist Yesh Atid party, which has challenged Likud in recent polls, said, “The presumption of innocence applies to every Israeli, including the prime minister. ” He called for a swift investigation for the sake of the country, saying, “A person who is being investigated is a person under pressure. ” Israeli prime ministers are not obligated to step down while under investigation, unless they are charged with a crime. Nonetheless, the accusations could chip away at Mr. Netanyahu’s standing. His predecessor, Ehud Olmert, was forced from power in 2008 under the weight of police investigations and accusations of corruption, although he remained in office as a caretaker prime minister until early elections could be held in 2009. In February, Mr. Olmert became the first former Israeli prime minister to enter prison. He is serving a   term for bribery and obstruction of justice. Mr. Netanyahu described Mr. Olmert in 2008 as a “prime minister up to his neck in investigations” and said he could not be trusted to make fateful decisions under the circumstances because they might be based on personal rather than national interests. Since the 1990s, Mr. Netanyahu’s political career has been dogged by inquiries into his conduct, and that of people around him, though no charges have been filed against him. The inquiries have ranged from scandals involving travel expenses and garden furniture  —   the Netanyahus were suspected of having switched a new set bought for the prime minister’s official residence with an identical, old set in their private home in Caesarea  —   to a more recent one involving a   deal with Germany for the acquisition of submarines. That agreement came under scrutiny after it became known that Mr. Netanyahu’s personal lawyer also represents the Israeli agent of the German shipyard that builds the submarines, and other naval equipment purchased by Israel, giving rise to suspicion of a conflict of interest. In that episode, too, Mr. Netanyahu and the lawyer, David Shimron, have denied any wrongdoing. Mr. Netanyahu’s relationship with Arnaud Mimran, a French tycoon who was convicted of fraud last year, and who testified that he had contributed a large sum of money to Mr. Netanyahu for his 2009 election campaign, has also prompted suspicions of impropriety."
32,17321,"France Lets Workers Turn Off, Tune Out and Live Life - The New York Times",New York Times,Alissa J. Rubin,2017-01-03,2017.0,1.0,,"PARIS  —   If the world does not envy the French enough already for their generous vacations, universal health care and fine food and wine, the arrival of 2017 brings this: a newly created “right to disconnect. ” Though ridiculed in some quarters as a ban on   email after hours, it is not quite that. But it is born of the enlightened view that it is actually beneficial for people not to work all the time, and that workers have the right to occasionally draw the line when their employer’s demands intrude on evenings at home, treasured vacations or Sundays with friends and family. “Employees are more and more connected during hours outside of the office,” Myriam El Khomri, the minister of labor, said last year in justifying the need for the law. “The boundary between professional and personal life has become tenuous,” and cases of burnout are becoming more prevalent, she said. The measure is one of a raft of new laws that took effect with the beginning of the new year and that exemplify the search for compromises between preserving French traditions and making concessions to the realities of the modern world. The new provision in the labor law does not ban   emails, but does require that companies with more than 50 employees negotiate a new protocol to ensure that work does not spill into days off or   hours. Some consultants have recommended that employees and managers avoid the “reply all” function on emails to groups so that only one person is being asked to read an email and respond, rather than half the office. Another approach recommends setting a time each evening after which employees are not expected to reply  —   several firms have designated the 10 hours between 9 p. m. and 7 a. m. others the 12 hours between 7 p. m. and 7 a. m. As a country with Catholic roots, but also a commitment to personal liberties, France has had an ambivalent approach to divorce. It has long been legal, but not necessarily speedy. A new nod to modernity in French laws eases the rules for people who want to divorce. While historically France has been far more flexible than Ireland or Italy, it still required a judge to rule on each divorce. The procedure routinely took as long as a year, and sometimes far longer, because cases were backed up awaiting the judicial signature. Now, if both members of the couple agree on the divorce, lawyers can draw up the divorce agreement, jointly sign the papers and have them notarized. No judges need be involved. Smoking is another area in which French habits have changed relatively little in recent years  —   27 to 28 percent of the population still lights up  —   but the country is now following many others in requiring “neutral packaging” for tobacco products: Instead of advertising a brand, cigarette packs sport only health warnings and photos of illnesses caused by smoking. At least two new laws demonstrate the country’s gradual move toward more sustainable products. Instead of thin plastic bags, French supermarkets and fruit vendors must substitute either bags made with a   synthetic called amidon that is mixed with plastic, a thicker type of plastic bag that could be reused, or paper bags. At Monoprix, a supermarket chain, paper bags have won out and stacks of them perch precariously on stands at the ends of fruit counters. More radical is the edict that went into effect on Sunday banning the use of pesticides in public gardens and along public highways. It promises to make public green spaces safer for birds and other small animals, which are especially vulnerable to the poisons used in pest killers. It will not be easy for the gardeners employed by cities to turn to more sustainable methods. When the city of Lyon abandoned pesticides voluntarily nine years ago, it took quite some time to change the culture, although Lyon is now considered a model. In 2019, the antipesticide law will expand to include amateur gardeners  —   a challenge not only for the French with backyard rows of dahlias and daisies, but also for those who nurse roses in their window boxes. A new   law is sure to please the French because it plays to their immense pride in local comestibles: It allows prepared foods, like frozen dinners, to be labeled “produit d’origine française” only if the item is made with 100 percent French meat or milk. Any product with more than 8 percent foreign meat must say where the animal was born, raised and butchered. A product with more than 50 percent foreign milk must say where it was collected and turned into the product being sold. It seems that the French version of “Made in America” is “Raised in France. ”"
33,17323,"Airline Pilot, Believed to Be Drunk, Is Pulled From Cockpit in Canada - The New York Times",New York Times,Ian Austen,2017-01-03,2017.0,1.0,,"OTTAWA  —   It was 7 a. m. and 99 passengers and six crew members were aboard a 737 on the tarmac at Calgary International Airport, bound for a sunny holiday in Cancun, Mexico. There was one problem, however. The flight’s captain was passed out in the cockpit, apparently from drinking. The police in Calgary, Alberta, arrested the pilot, Miroslav Gronych, 37, on Saturday and have charged him with two   offenses. “This is a new one, and obviously this had a very significant potential to cause great harm had the pilot actually been allowed to fly this plane,” Staff Sgt. Paul Stacey of the Calgary Police Service said at a news conference. “There’s just so many checks and balances, it just doesn’t surprise me that he got caught before this plane was able to leave the gate. ” Nevertheless, Inspector Ken Thrower, the commander of the Calgary Police Service’s traffic and airport unit, said his officers, along with airport officials and inspectors from Transport Canada, the aviation regulator, will begin trying to figure out how the pilot managed to pass through several checkpoints, including airport security, while obviously inebriated. Mr. Gronych was charged with two criminal offenses: having care and control of an aircraft while impaired, and having care and control of an aircraft while testing for more than 80 milligrams of alcohol per 100 milliliters of blood. “He was pretty high,” Sergeant Stacey said, adding that it was inconceivable that the pilot had followed Transport Canada regulations that bar drinking or drug use by pilots within eight hours of a flight. The aircraft was operated by Sunwing Airlines, a   carrier based in Toronto. Sunwing’s gate agents found the pilot’s behavior to be unusual and alerted the  . The   then discovered the pilot slumped in the captain’s seat and “severely impaired by alcohol,” Sergeant Stacey said. Transport Canada, which did not respond to requests for comment, is conducting a separate investigation, which is likely to result in additional charges, the police said. Inspector Thrower said Mr. Gronych is from Slovenia and is in Canada on a work visa. He will appear in court again on Thursday. After some delay, the flight did take off with a new crew. Sunwing did not respond to requests for comment. Janine Massey, a spokeswoman, told The Associated Press that the carrier was “very apologetic for any upset that this has caused and would like to assure our customers that safety remains our utmost priority. ”"
34,17324,Riot by Drug Gangs in Brazil Prison Leaves at Least 56 Dead - The New York Times,New York Times,Simon Romero,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   A prison riot involving gangs vying for supremacy over the cocaine trade in the Brazilian Amazon left at least 56 people dead, the authorities in the city of Manaus said on Monday. Riots at Brazil’s prisons are common, but the episode in Manaus, which involved decapitated bodies being thrown over the walls of the penitentiary, ranks among the bloodiest in recent decades. Officials expressed dismay over the scenes of slaughter in the Compaj prison, which held more than 1, 200 inmates, about triple its official capacity. “I never saw anything like this in my life,” Judge Luís Carlos Valois, who helped negotiate an end to the riot, said in a Facebook post. He said that dozens of people had been killed, but that it was challenging to arrive at a precise count: “There were lots of bodies. Many of them were dismembered. ” The riot flared on Sunday and lasted about 17 hours, raising fears of even greater violence on the streets of Manaus, the largest city in the Amazon basin with a population of about 2. 1 million. Manaus has emerged as a brutal battleground between two prison gangs that are contesting control of the drug trade in the region. The authorities said that one of the gangs, Familia do Norte (Family of the North) which operates from the Manaus prisons, was responsible for the vast majority of the killings during the riot. The targets were from First Capital Command, a much larger rival gang commonly known by its Portuguese initials, P. C. C. which has its roots in the prisons of São Paulo in southeast Brazil. “There were deaths only on one side,” Sérgio Fontes, the top security official in Amazonas State, told reporters. “The Familia do Norte massacred members of the First Capital Command, and one or another guys who weren’t on their good side at the moment. ” The riot drew comparisons with the 1992 uprising at the Carandiru prison in São Paulo, when police forces stormed the building and 111 inmates were killed. An appeals court recently voided the convictions of 73 police officers for their participation in the killings, raising criticism from human rights groups. Since that episode, the Brazilian authorities have vowed to alleviate overcrowding in the country’s prisons and combat prison gangs. But soaring numbers of convictions for relatively minor drug offenses have pushed prison populations upward, the gangs’ clout is growing, and riots continue to erupt frequently all over the country. In the riot in Manaus, inmates took dozens of fellow prisoners hostage. They also seized 12 employees of Umanizzare, a private contractor that operates prisons in the Amazon. Negotiators eventually won the release of the hostages by assuring the inmates that they would not be harmed or transferred to other prisons. Security specialists say that Brazil could experience more riots like the one in Manaus as P. C. C. the São Paulo gang, extends its reach around the country. Familia do Norte, the Manaus gang, recently formed an alliance with Red Command, a gang that has been losing ground to P. C. C. in parts of Rio de Janeiro."
35,17325,SpaceX Says It’s Ready to Launch Rockets Again - The New York Times,New York Times,Kenneth Chang,2017-01-02,2017.0,1.0,,"After the explosion in September of one of its rockets, SpaceX is now ready to get back into the business of sending payloads to space, the company announced on Monday, with its next rocket headed to orbit as soon as Sunday. In a statement, SpaceX  —   or more formally, Space Exploration Technologies Corporation  —   said that an investigation had determined the likely cause: an unexpected interplay of supercold helium and oxygen with carbon fibers and aluminum. The statement Monday added technical details about what went wrong, and the company said it had devised workarounds to prevent a recurrence. The cascade of explosions on Sept. 1 that destroyed a Falcon 9 rocket on the launchpad at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida was perplexing and concerning, because it occurred during what is usually regarded as a safer portion of operations  —   the fueling of propellants  —   about eight minutes before the ignition of the engines for a planned test. (The launch had been scheduled for two days later.) The trouble appeared to start near the liquid oxygen tank on the second stage of the   rocket, and in less than a tenth of a second, that section was in flames, followed by the destruction of the entire rocket and a $200 million communications satellite whose customers included Facebook, which had planned to use it to expand internet services in Africa. Under current federal laws, investigations into such explosions are led by the company that built the rocket, not by a government agency. The investigation panel included representatives of the Federal Aviation Administration, the United States Air Force, NASA and the National Transportation Safety Board. Falcon 9 rockets are used to carry NASA cargo to the International Space Station and are to provide transportation for astronauts beginning in 2018. SpaceX is also competing to win contracts to launch Department of Defense spy satellites. With few obvious clues to the explosion, the company initially considered hypotheses like sabotage, that a sniper had fired a shot rupturing the oxygen tank from the roof of a competitor’s building nearby. “The accident investigation team worked systematically through an extensive fault tree analysis,” SpaceX said in its statement. The investigation narrowed in on three helium containers within the   liquid oxygen tank. The containers consist of an aluminum liner with an outer layer of strong carbon fibers. During launch, as the liquid oxygen is consumed, the helium is heated and released to maintain pressure within the tank. In December 2015, SpaceX began using an upgraded Falcon 9 design that uses supercooled liquid oxygen at minus 340 degrees, 40 degrees colder than what is typically used. The lower temperature makes the oxygen denser, which improves engine thrust. But the helium was even colder. As the carbon and aluminum cool, they shrink at different rates, opening gaps into which liquid oxygen could flow. In addition, the helium may have been below the temperature at which oxygen freezes, and some of the trapped oxygen may have become solid. “Really surprising problem that’s never been encountered before in the history of rocketry,” Elon Musk, the chief executive of SpaceX, said in an interview on CNBC in November. Both carbon and aluminum can burn, and with oxygen sandwiched in between, all of the ingredients for a conflagration were present. Friction or the breaking of fibers could have provided the energy for ignition, the company said. Tests at SpaceX’s facilities in Hawthorne, Calif. and McGregor, Tex. supported that conclusion, the company said. The configuration of the helium containers has been shifted, and the fueling procedures will change so that the helium will be warmer, SpaceX said. The next SpaceX launch is to carry a   of satellites for Iridium Communications, which provides communications services including satellite telephones through a constellation of satellites. Iridium is looking to replace the surviving 65 original satellites with 70 new satellites, each about the size of a Mini Cooper car. A month ago, Iridium issued a statement saying it hoped that SpaceX would be able to launch its satellites in   but less than a week later, SpaceX said it was pushing back the launch date to early January. The Iridium satellite is to be launched by SpaceX from a leased launchpad at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. For launches from Florida, SpaceX hopes to complete renovations at Launchpad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center, once used for space shuttle launches. SpaceX is tentatively aiming to resume cargo flights to the space station this month."
36,17326,A ‘World Unto Itself’ in New York Area Yeshivas: Floor Hockey - The New York Times,New York Times,Corey Kilgannon,2017-03-13,2017.0,3.0,,"In the basement of a mammoth old building in Upper Manhattan that houses the Yeshiva University High School for Boys sits a cramped gym that is home to the high school’s floor hockey team, known as the Lions. The school calls the gym the Lions’ Den, but many visitors call it the Dungeon and liken playing there to playing hockey inside a box. Games are raucous affairs with rough play and frenzied fans squeezed onto the narrow bleachers at one end, between the squads of panting players. Several miles away, in the Riverdale neighborhood of the Bronx, is the comparatively luxurious indoor rink at the Salanter Akiba Riverdale High School, known as S. A. R. With its sturdy boards and rounded sides, the rink resembles a real ice hockey surface. Its scoreboard is flanked by American and Israeli flags. Between these two extremes exists the   but thriving world of interscholastic floor hockey at yeshiva high schools in New York City and surrounding towns. The game in these Orthodox Jewish private schools stretches back at least to the late 1970s, but in recent years, it has grown enormously popular. The championship match can fill an arena with as many as 1, 000 fans, with more people watching live online. Players in elementary grades at Jewish schools now set their sights on yeshivas with the most powerful hockey programs. “Outside the Orthodox community, this is a foreign thing,” said Amir Gavarin, 22, a former floor hockey league player. “But inside, it’s a whole world unto itself, and supercompetitive. ” The teams play in the Metropolitan Yeshiva High School Hockey League, which includes 18 varsity and 15 junior varsity teams for boys. There are also 12 girls’ teams, which play in the spring season. The game is similar to ice hockey, but played on foot on a gym floor with a hard orange ball and   squads made up of a goalie and four roaming players. Goalies wear full padding, but the other players wear sweatpants, jerseys and helmets with face masks. Under the jersey, some players wear a tallit katan, a religious garment with knotted fringes, or zizit. Blatant body checking is banned, but there is plenty of contact. The teams play mostly in conventional gyms set up with temporary barriers. Orthodox youngsters are often introduced to the game in summer camp or by friends from their synagogue, and end up playing in one of the many youth leagues that have cropped up in Orthodox neighborhoods, before joining teams in middle school. “In some New Jersey yeshivas, floor hockey is more popular than basketball,” said Yoni Stone, the varsity coach at the Yeshiva University High School for Boys. “Forget high school  —   every single day school has a team, and the kids start in the youth leagues. ” Players, abiding by their religious tenets, use the sport as an outlet between long hours spent studying Judaic texts and other subjects. Since they observe the Sabbath, there is no play on Friday evenings or Saturdays before sundown. The season runs from late October through March. On a weeknight last month, the Lions made their dramatic pregame entrance to blaring rock music. They were there to take on the Cobras from the Rae Kushner Yeshiva High School in Livingston, N. J. a school financed by the family of Jared Kushner, the    of   Donald J. Trump. Mr. Kushner himself was proficient at the sport, having played for the Frisch School in Paramus, N. J. when he was a teenager. The Cobras wound up beating the Lions, a fatiguing feat since the ball rarely escapes the playing area, making for almost nonstop action. Each game has three periods, with each period lasting 12 minutes. In fact, the team from the Ramaz School on Manhattan’s Upper East Side prepared to play at the Lions’ gym by having one of its players, a senior training to enter the Israeli Army, put his teammates through rigorous military exercises. The Ramaz School holds games in a modern, brightly lit gym that is a far cry from the Lions’ Den. One night last month, the Rams of Ramaz took on the visiting Thunder from the Rav Teitz Mesivta Academy, or R. T. M. A. from Elizabeth, N. J. and won the game in   overtime, prompting a celebratory mob of Ramaz players. At certain powerhouses, hockey is perhaps the most prominent sport, and rivalries have developed between neighboring yeshivas. In Brooklyn, the games can be particularly intense whenever the Magen David Yeshivah or the Yeshivah of Flatbush, both in Midwood, or the Yeshivat Darche Eres in Sheepshead Bay, face off. “They’re seeing all these kids in synagogue the next day, so that creates a certain competitiveness,” Mr. Stone said. When rivals in the Five Towns section of Long Island play, “the whole town shuts down” for games that can attract hundreds of spectators, said David Kolb, a hockey writer for MSG Networks and the operator of Camp Dovid, a summer hockey camp in Pennsylvania where campers wear the names of their yeshivas on their jerseys. Two top teams in the Five Towns  —   the Hebrew Academy of the Five Towns and Rockaway and the D. R. S. Yeshiva High School for Boys  —   have nurtured a   rivalry. And in the league final in 2014, when the Hebrew Academy finally avenged years of losses with a victory, “you would have thought the messiah had come,” said Seth Gordon, the hockey commissioner for the Metropolitan Yeshiva High School Athletic League. “Some of these rivalries start in elementary school, with the seeds planted when these kids are in sixth grade,” Mr. Gordon said. Though the sport has drawn a loyal and passionate following, the athletes are ultimately religious students who are urged to put their spiritual priorities before their athletic ones. “It’s common with the Jewish identity that we can’t do certain things because of the boundaries of observant Jewish life, so we create our own parameters and do it to the fullest,” Mr. Gavarin said. Mayer Schiller, a Hasidic rabbi who in the 1990s coached Yeshiva University High School to six consecutive league championships, is recognized as the progenitor of the yeshiva floor hockey scene. He was hard to miss, since he coached wearing his black hat and coat. Rabbi Schiller, 65, still an avid fan of rock, pop and punk music, established the now popular tradition of having players enter the gym to loud music. The rabbi’s choice: the Ramones. He grew up playing roller hockey in Queens. In the late 1970s, with New York’s professional basketball teams sagging, students began rooting for two local hockey teams, the Rangers and the Islanders, Rabbi Schiller recalled. Rabbi Schiller was a devout Rangers fan who was particularly fond of the raucous play of Nick Fotiu, a native of Staten Island who became a brawler for the Rangers. The rabbi formed a team at the Ramaz School in 1979, and helped organize a fledgling yeshiva hockey league with a   teams that grew significantly over the years. He regarded coaching as a form of spiritual service and striving at sports as a complement to studying sacred texts and worshiping God. “If God didn’t mean for this greatness to exist, why did he give us Gretzky and Jordan?” Rabbi Schiller said. On a recent weeknight, the S. A. R. team  —   which includes Mr. Kolb’s two sons, Gordie and Henri  —   was put through   drills and scrimmaging by its longtime head coach, Howie Falkenstein. Mr. Falkenstein also runs a hockey program at the Westchester Summer Day camp in Mamaroneck, N. Y. and a league in the Bronx that attracts players from across the region. Its youngest level is the Mites division, which is open to first and second graders. Mr. Falkenstein was getting his team ready for its game against the Frisch School and had players practicing penalty shots. Gordie, the S. A. R. Sting’s captain, deftly scored on his brother, a goalie, prompting a chorus of hoots from teammates. S. A. R. wound up beating Frisch, solidifying its status as one of the league’s top teams. “It’s definitely its own niche, but it’s still hockey and it has the team camaraderie that people are looking for,” Mr. Falkenstein said. “It has the same excitement when you score a goal or make a save. ”"
37,17327,Inside Jonathan Lethem’s Oddball Trove - The New York Times,New York Times,Jennifer Schuessler,2017-01-02,2017.0,1.0,,"Writers are different from the rest of us. Their castoff scraps can be worth money, not to mention the obsessive attentions of future scholars. Jonathan Lethem, 52, recently became the latest author to sell his personal paper trail to a major archive. The Beinecke Rare Book  Manuscript Library at Yale University acquired a trove of his manuscripts, letters, notes and other artifacts, which will now sit alongside material from Walt Whitman, Sinclair Lewis, James Baldwin and Marilynne Robinson in its rich American literature collection. Mr. Lethem’s papers contain items relating to the novels that made him something of a reluctant patron saint of Brooklyn’s literary ascendance, including “Motherless Brooklyn” (1999) and “The Fortress of Solitude” (2003). But as befits a lifelong collector, music obsessive, comics geek and dedicated chronicler of underground culture, there are also   cartoons, New York 1970s ephemera and what is surely the largest cache of drawings of vomiting cats in any university collection. “For an author who is so much fun as a novelist, it’s interesting to see there is so much fun in his archival documents as well,” said Melissa Barton, the curator of American prose and drama at the Beinecke. (Ms. Barton, citing library policy, declined to say what Yale paid in the sale, which was arranged by the Manhattan book dealer Glenn Horowitz.) Mr. Lethem’s archive also includes two computer hard drives, a laptop and other digital materials, especially from more recent years. “You can feel the evaporation of the physical ephemera,” Mr. Lethem, whose most recent novel, “A Gambler’s Anatomy,” appeared in October, said in an interview. But the bulk of the collection consists of   artifacts, some of them charmingly weird. We asked Mr. Lethem, who left New York in 2010 to teach creative writing at Pomona College in Claremont, Calif. about some of the odder items in his literary closet. The archive includes a number of   comic books Mr. Lethem made as a child, featuring invented superheroes like   Man, whose origin story included an   attempt to start a nudist colony in Alaska. In one installment,   Man (who later got a passing   in “The Fortress of Solitude”) battled Ed Koch, who was no hero to Mr. Lethem’s   bohemian parents. “I didn’t make multiple copies to sell or anything,” he said. “It was more like I was collecting my own weird artifacts from a pretend universe where   Man was a real comic. ” Mr. Lethem swiped this sticker after stumbling on a shoot for the 1979 movie “The Warriors” in the   subway station in Brooklyn, which was standing in for the Times Square station. “This was my subway stop, and the fact that they were turning it into 42nd Street seemed absurd,” Mr. Lethem recalled. “I remember thinking that no one would see or hear about this movie. Nothing that anyone was shooting in my neighborhood could possibly be important. ” The archive contains typescripts of his novels, often affixed with alternate titles. (Would “Motherless Brooklyn” have been a hit if it had been called “Jerks From Nowhere”?) The earliest is “Apes in the Plan,” an unpublished “fake Philip K. Dick novel,” as Mr. Lethem put it, named for a Devo lyric and written between ages 18 and 23. “I wrote three novels on an electric typewriter,” he said. “If I live long enough, I could end up being one of the last living humans who can say that. ” This diary tracking his writing progress, social interactions, exercise and, um, digestion comes from the   when Mr. Lethem had dropped out of Bennington College and moved to Berkeley, Calif. to try to become a writer. “I had thrust myself into a kind of vacuum,” he said. “I had no visible means of support, nor was anyone expecting to hear from me. This kind of weird   probably had to do with externalizing my superego and answering the question ‘Who are you and what did you actually do today? ’” About those drawings of vomiting cats   …     “For about 15 years, every time I had a really good dance party that went late, with people lolling around drunk and exhausted, at about 2 a. m. I would hand out paper and ask everyone to draw a vomiting cat,” Mr. Lethem said. “I ended up with an incredibly thick file of drawings, some by people who went on to be published cartoonists and writers. ” Some of the goofy character names in Mr. Lethem’s novels are drawn from   lists he typed up early in his career, a habit he connects with the wordplay of “Motherless Brooklyn,” whose narrator has Tourette’s syndrome. Mr. Lethem recalled a moment of recognition sparked by an Oliver Sacks essay about a surgeon with Tourette’s who kept a list of more than 200 unusual names as “candy for the mind. ” “He was collecting real names,” Mr. Lethem said. “But when I read that, I thought, ‘Oh my God, that’s me. ’” Names from this list showed up in “Gun, With Occasional Music” (1994) and “Chronic City” (2009). “The Fortress of Solitude,” inspired by Mr. Lethem’s Brooklyn childhood, describes a   store called Samuel J. Underberg, “a site of mysterious life,” where graffiti artists came to buy ink that was specially formulated for stamping prices on slimy packages of meat and therefore ideal for tagging. While writing, Mr. Lethem acquired some random items from the real Underberg’s (now demolished) which are shown here with a 1978 Billboard Hot 100 list, an old calendar and other research materials. “I became a collector of all this tawdry used signage,” he said. “I just thought it was really weird and cool. ” The archive contains dozens of letters from fellow writers and artists, including Donna Tartt, Paul Auster, Suzanne Vega, Jennifer Egan, Thomas Berger and Ursula K. Le Guin. This missive, written on an airline safety card, is from the novelist David Bowman, who died of a cerebral hemorrhage in 2012. “All his letters were like mail art,” Mr. Lethem said. “David had a great, crazy brain. He never stopped covering the world in language. ”"
38,17328,An Immigrant’s Instinct to Aid Others Collides With Financial Need - The New York Times,New York Times,John Otis,2017-01-02,2017.0,1.0,,"In 2007, Rey Canunayon and his wife, MaryGwen, immigrated to the United States from the island of Mindanao in the Philippines. In doing so, they were fulfilling their family’s dreams. For years, her parents had requested that the Canunayons join them in New York City. But her parents died before that could happen. Mr. Canunayon felt remorse about not honoring their wishes while they were alive. Still, he and his wife wanted to embark on the adventure and make the move. “America is a great nation, a kind nation, a nation of greener pastures and milk and honey and endless possibilities,” Mr. Canunayon said. When the couple arrived, they stayed with Ms. Canunayon’s family in New Jersey. Life was exciting, even relaxing, Mr. Canunayon said. But as they settled in a new country, he struggled to find work and grew despondent. “Oh, my God, I have cried a river because I was in a depression,” said Mr. Canunayon, now 46. He found relaxation riding the subway, one station to the next, so long as it kept moving. “When you come from a place where you are so familiar, your own country, you have friends, relatives, connections, a career. And then you’re stripped of everything except your dignity it’s really hard,” he said. Eventually, the couple were able to move into an apartment of their own in Elmhurst, Queens. They also secured employment. He works at a   laundry, while his wife, 49, is a babysitter, a midwife and a nanny. In October 2015, they received their green cards. Beyond that, Mr. Canunayon, who left a career in nonprofit work in the Philippines, has recommitted himself to working to help people and neighborhoods change for the better. Only this time, he is not collecting a paycheck for it. “God gave knowledge for free, skills for free, talent for free, so I’ll give it for free,” Mr. Canunayon said. He volunteers at the couple’s place of worship in Elmhurst, St. Adalbert Roman Catholic Church. He also helps other Filipino immigrants. “I cannot imagine myself not sharing the skills and   talent that I have,” he said. But because this effort doesn’t come with a salary, it doesn’t help pay the bills. It took one episode, when the Canunayons received a $600 medical bill for lab tests in September, for them to plummet into financial instability. “It was a big problem, Mr. Canunayon said. “What will happen to us if we can’t pay the rent?” He came across a possible solution on one of his volunteer outings for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn and the Filipino Consulate, where he was helping people renew their passports. He mentioned his financial problems to Greg Hankins, a volunteer he had met that day. Mr. Hankins encouraged him to contact another group, Community Health Advocates. It is operated by the Community Service Society, one of eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. The Community Service Society did help, providing $641. 45 in Neediest Cases money to cover the couple’s outstanding medical bills. They also got help obtaining health insurance. While grateful for the assistance, they continue to worry about everyday challenges: making ends meet, sending money back to their families and carefully monitoring their finances. “It’s the same situation, financially struggling and trying to get myself back into the saddle,” Mr. Canunayon said. He continues to search for jobs in the nonprofit sector. In the Philippines, he worked in research, advocacy and policy legislation, which led to the development of sustainable organic agriculture to feed the poor. The cause was personal: Many members of his family are farmers. He has not given up hope that he will find a job that lets him continue his passion for service while providing a decent income. “I would be killing myself if I did something else,” he said. “It would deplete my energy. When you work on the things you most love doing, it’s not work. ”"
39,17330,"House Republicans, Under Fire, Back Down on Gutting Ethics Office - The New York Times",New York Times,Eric Lipton and Matt Flegenheimer,2017-01-04,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   It was supposed to be a triumphant morning for Republicans on Capitol Hill  —   a moment to demonstrate the merits of unified party rule in the age of Donald J. Trump. By noon, party leaders had a message for their charges: It was not going smoothly. The day after House Republicans voted to eliminate an independent ethics body, members returned to work on Tuesday to find their offices inundated with angry missives from constituents amid a national uproar. By midmorning, Mr. Trump had weighed in, questioning the members’ priorities on Twitter. Shortly after, lawmakers were summoned to the basement of the Capitol for a hastily convened meeting with Republican leaders. Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the majority leader  —   who, along with Speaker Paul D. Ryan, had opposed the proposal  —   lobbed a pointed question at his fellow Republicans, according to two people present: Had they campaigned on repealing the Affordable Care Act, or tinkering with an ethics office? Minutes later, members emerged to say the changes had been scrapped. The reversal came less than 24 hours after House Republicans, meeting in a secret session, voted to curtail the powers of the Office of Congressional Ethics, an independent body created in 2008 after a series of scandals involving House lawmakers, including three who were sent to jail. It was part of a turbulent opening for the Trump era in Washington, marked by a Republican push in the Senate to repeal the Affordable Care Act. House Republicans, led by Representative Robert W. Goodlatte of Virginia, had sought on Monday to prevent the office from pursuing investigations that might result in criminal charges. Instead, they wanted to allow lawmakers on the more powerful House Ethics Committee to shut down inquiries. They even sought to block the small staff at the Office of Congressional Ethics, which would have been renamed and put under the oversight of House lawmakers, from speaking to the news media. “It has damaged or destroyed a lot of political careers in this place, and it’s cost members of Congress millions of dollars to defend themselves against anonymous allegations,” Representative Steve King, Republican of Iowa, said Tuesday, still defending the move. But such resolve crumbled Tuesday morning, as thousands of phone calls flooded lawmakers’ offices and both conservative and liberal ethics groups issued statements condemning the vote. Some Republicans joined in, saying the measure sent the wrong message to the public. (Internet searches for the words “Who is my representative” surged after news of the plan broke Monday night and peaked Tuesday morning, according to Google.) “It was a stumble,” said Representative Mark Sanford, Republican of South Carolina, who opposed the measure and who was himself the subject of an ethics investigation while he was governor of South Carolina. “Probably not the way you want to start out. ” Mr. Trump had weighed in via a series of Twitter posts, suggesting that the House should be focused on domestic policy priorities such as health care and a tax overhaul. He called the Office of Congressional Ethics “unfair” but said focusing on it now was a case of misplaced priorities. He appended the hashtag “DTS,” an apparent allusion to his promise to “drain the swamp” in Washington. Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCarthy had made clear on Monday that they, too, were opposed to the change. But amid boxes of pizza at a House office building, with the Rose Bowl playing on a nearby television, several members voiced support for the maneuver, including Representative Steve Pearce of New Mexico, whose office employed an aide who was ensnared in an ethics inquiry but later cleared. At first, on Tuesday morning, Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCarthy played down the changes. Mr. McCarthy suggested that he and Mr. Ryan did not have the power to simply order other Republicans to take their advice. “Welcome back,” he joked, referring to the start of the new session of Congress on Tuesday. Even at home, he said, “I usually don’t win what we watch on TV. ” About an hour later, before new members of Congress were to be sworn in  —   the point when the House adopts new rules that will govern how it conducts itself during the   session  —   Mr. McCarthy told his fellow Republicans that they needed to reverse themselves quickly, or potentially face an even more embarrassing revolt on the House floor. By his estimation, he told them, the provision was going to be removed one way or another. This was not the first time that House lawmakers  —   Democrats or Republicans  —   had tried to curtail the powers or budget of the Office of Congressional Ethics, which some lawmakers see as being too aggressive in its investigations, even though it is routinely cheered by nonprofit ethics groups on both the left and the right. Perhaps most prominently, in 2011, Representative Melvin Watt, a North Carolina Democrat who later left Congress to join the Obama administration, tried to cut the agency’s budget by 40 percent, a proposal that failed on a   vote. The House Ethics Committee, the only body that has the power to actually punish lawmakers, also frequently clashed with the office, which serves more as a grand jury that investigates allegations and issues findings to the Ethics Committee of probable cause of misdeeds. For example, the committee tried in 2015 to force the Office of Congressional Ethics to shut down its investigation into allegations that nine House lawmakers’ trips to Azerbaijan in 2013 had been improperly paid for, in part, by a foreign government entity. Some of the lawmakers also accepted improper gifts during the trips, including rugs and crystal. The Office of Congressional Ethics refused to shut down its inquiry, and it published its findings on its own after the Ethics Committee voted to clear the lawmakers of wrongdoing (although the committee urged them to return the gifts). House rules require the Ethics Committee to act on recommendations by the Office of Congressional Ethics within 90 days, with the expectation that it will either formally clear the targeted lawmakers or create investigative committees to determine if rules or laws have been violated. But in recent years, the committee has increasingly relied on a loophole that allows it to informally continue to review allegations without closing a case, a step it has taken in 21 of the 68 cases referred since 2009. Most frequently, that means an end to the matter, at least as far as the public is aware, even though the Ethics Committee never formally announces that it has closed the investigation. As of this week, cases in such a limbo include allegations against Representatives Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina Roger Williams, Republican of Texas Markwayne Mullin, Republican of Oklahoma Cathy McMorris Rodgers, Republican of Washington Bobby L. Rush, Democrat of Illinois and Luis V. Gutiérrez, Democrat of Illinois. After their reversal on Tuesday, House Republicans agreed to ask the Ethics Committee to examine the Office of Congressional Ethics and recommend possible changes by this summer to address the concerns that some members have raised. Mr. Goodlatte, who is chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, defended his proposal and called the reporting about it inaccurate. “Gross misrepresentation by opponents of my amendment, and the media willing to go along with this agenda, resulted in a flurry of misconceptions and unfounded claims about the true purpose of this amendment,” he said in a statement. But Mr. Goodlatte’s critics said he had simply been caught trying to sneak through a favor to help protect his fellow lawmakers. “We’re glad that the House Republicans listened to the public outrage about this proposal and came to their senses to reverse it, and not end real ethics enforcement in Congress,” Noah Bookbinder, executive director of the liberal watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, said."
40,17331,"Republican Party, Megyn Kelly, Titanic: Your Wednesday Briefing - The New York Times",New York Times,Sean Alfano,2017-01-04,2017.0,1.0,," (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good morning. Here’s what you need to know: • Congress focuses on health care. Debate begins today on legislation to dismantle major parts of the Affordable Care Act. President Obama is scheduled to meet with Democrats about resisting efforts to repeal the law, while Vice   Mike Pence will meet with lawmakers from his party to gird them for a fight. • Rough first day back. Republican lawmakers abandoned on Monday a move to eliminate an ethics office after rebukes from constituents and from   Donald J. Trump. Our writer says Mr. Trump’s intervention raises “alarms among Republicans about his power to corral them via social media. ” • Trump on trade. The  ’s pick for trade representative, Robert Lighthizer, is a longtime advocate of protectionist policies, a choice in line with Mr. Trump’s focus on making products in America. That effort has made some Republicans uneasy, but some Democrats are ready to support it. Earlier on Tuesday, Mr. Trump criticized General Motors for making cars in Mexico. Hours later, Ford said it would expand production at a Michigan factory and would drop plans for a new plant in Mexico. • Getting ready for legal fights.  Democratic leaders of the California Legislature have hired the former U. S. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. to represent them in any legal fights against the White House. The state is preparing for battles on issues including the environment, immigration and criminal justice. • Latest in Istanbul attack. Turkish officials say they know who killed at least 39 people in an assault on a nightclub last weekend, although they did not release his name. A video appears to show the suspect recording himself as he walked through the city. • Challenges ahead for Netanyahu. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel has been “the ultimate survivor” in a political system that destroyed many of his predecessors, our writers say, but the current graft inquiry could be different. The political turmoil comes as an Israeli soldier was found guilty of manslaughter today for shooting a wounded Palestinian attacker. The country has been highly divided over the case. • Rethinking death. One of our most popular stories this week is about Dr. B. J. Miller, who became a triple amputee after a horrific accident in college. He’s on a quest to change the way we die, and he pioneered a model of palliative care that aims to view death as a human experience, not just a medical one. • Megyn Kelly’s move to NBC from Fox News heralds a major shift in the cable news landscape, and it will give her a daytime show as well as a Sunday newsmagazine. Some industry executives outlined the challenges Ms. Kelly will face in those formats. • India has become a major center for cyberfraud, as a result of an abundance of young workers skilled in computers and English. A recent scheme targeting Indian immigrants in the U. S. came to light when two teenage workers blew the whistle. • The price of Bitcoin is soaring, thanks in part to a tilt toward isolationism in the U. S. and Europe, and to trading by Chinese speculators. The virtual currency is worth about $1, 025, or 140 percent more than a year ago. • U. S. stocks were up on Tuesday. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Welcome to Hell   …     Hell, Mich. Our 360 video follows John Colone, the unofficial mayor of the town, which has a population of 72. • New to read. We review Aravind Adiga’s new novel, “Selection Day,” about religion and cricket. Mr. Adiga “supplies further proof that his Booker Prize, won for ‘The White Tiger’ in 2008, was no fluke,” our critic writes. Also, we look at Roxane Gay’s new collection of short stories, “Difficult Women. ” • Alternate theory about the Titanic. An Irish journalist who spent 30 years investigating the famous sinking says he found evidence that a coal fire in the ship’s hull weeks before it set sail played a role in the tragedy. “It’s a perfect storm of extraordinary factors coming together: fire, ice and criminal negligence,” he said. • Recipe of the day. If you’re going meatless to start the new year, try this spinach lasagna. While it bakes, read about Ruby Tandoh, the popular British cookbook author who urges us simply to eat what we love. This month, Melania Trump  —   born Melanija Knavs in Slovenia  —   will become the second first lady to have been born outside the U. S. Louisa Adams, the wife of John Quincy Adams (president from 1825 to 1829) was the first. She was born in London in 1775. Her mother was English, her father the American consul. Their home became an essential stop for American visitors, including the future president, who met Louisa in 1795 and married her in 1797. Louisa arrived in the U. S. in 1801, when President John Adams brought his diplomat son home for a time. Wherever the couple was posted, her engaging personality stood out. Louisa dazzled imperial courts overseas, and her soirees were the heart of Washington’s social life when her husband was secretary of state, proving to be crucial to his ascension to the presidency. The question of her “Americanness” became an issue during his tumultuous term in office. Her efforts to defend herself only drew more attention to her background. Louisa continued to be a political partner to her husband as he served in Congress after leaving the White House, supporting his antislavery efforts. When she died in 1852, both Houses adjourned. A Washington publication wrote that hers was one of the “longest funeral processions ever witnessed in this city. ” Adeel Hassan contributed reporting. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning. What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes. com. You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox."
41,17332,Turmoil Overshadows First Day of Republican-Controlled Congress - The New York Times,New York Times,Jennifer Steinhauer and Robert Pear,2017-01-04,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   The   Congress opened the turbulent Trump era in Washington on Tuesday, as the new Senate moved instantly to begin the repeal of President Obama’s signature health care law while the House descended into chaos in an   attempt to gut an independent congressional ethics office. On a day usually reserved for pomp, constitutionally mandated procedure and small children parading around in fancy dresses, Congress instead pitched itself into partisan battles. Speaker Paul D. Ryan easily won   but not before the embarrassment of having his members defy him by voting to eliminate the ethics office, only to then abandon that effort after a flood of criticism from constituents and Twitter messages from   Donald J. Trump that criticized House Republican priorities. It was a rocky start to a period in which Republicans had promised an end to Washington gridlock if they controlled both Congress and the White House. There was intraparty conflict and a sense that Mr. Trump, who ran against the Republican establishment, would continue to be openly critical of his own party at times. As Democrats in both chambers seethed, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, unveiled the legislative language that could decimate the Affordable Care Act before the crocuses start to bloom in the spring, even if any replacement of the law could take years. Budget language released on Tuesday gives House and Senate committees only until Jan. 27 to produce legislation that would eliminate major parts of the health care law. Under arcane budget procedures, that legislation would be protected from a Democratic filibuster and could pass the Senate with a simple majority. And debate will begin on Wednesday, before senators have even moved into their new offices. The dueling over the health law’s fate will pull in both the departing and incoming White House administrations as well. On Wednesday, Mr. Obama will visit with congressional Democrats to plot how to resist the planned repeal, and Mike Pence, the vice   will meet with Republicans to gird them for the fight ahead. While the Senate action showed Republicans on course to keep campaign promises, the House got off to a messy start, brought on by Republicans who had moved largely in secret on Monday to gut a congressional ethics office against Mr. Ryan’s wishes. That provoked an outcry from both Democrats and voters who flooded House offices with angry calls. “Every   organization is calling my office,” said Representative Pete Sessions, Republican of Texas. “And we’ve told them: ‘Thank you very much. We appreciate your feedback. ’” After a hastily called meeting on Tuesday morning among Republicans, the matter was dropped before it could go to the full House floor for a vote. As the Senate moved to larger legislative matters, the House kerfuffle seemed to cast a shadow over Mr. Ryan, but he tried to brush it off. “There’s no sense of foreboding in the House today,” Mr. Ryan said after his   “only the sense of potential. ” The fight over the House rules was already acrimonious thanks to a piece of the package that would impose $2, 500 in fines for filming events on the House floor, a response to Democrats who streamed their overnight   over guns last June using cellphones and video cameras. In the Senate, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. swore in seven new members and all the incumbents who won their races last year, their colleagues looking on cheerfully, as a cold rain pelted the newly refurbished Capitol dome. Members of the House and Senate brought along their families  —   elderly parents with canes, small children tugging at uncomfortable lacy hems  —   as well as former senators and other special guests. Former Vice President Dick Cheney accompanied his daughter Liz to her   as a member of the House elected from Wyoming. Senator Chuck Schumer of New York officially became the Democratic leader and quickly warned Republicans that the minority would be vocal, if not operatic, in resisting much of their agenda and many of Mr. Trump’s nominees. “It is our job to do what’s best for the American people, the middle class and those struggling to get there,” he said. “If the   proposes legislation on issues like infrastructure, trade and closing the carried interest loophole, for instance, we will work in good faith to perfect and, potentially, enact it. When he doesn’t, we will resist. ” He added, “If   Trump lets the   members of Congress and his cabinet run the show, if he adopts their timeworn policies  —   which benefit the elites, the special interests and corporate America, not the working man and woman  —   his presidency will not succeed. ” On Tuesday, the House also adopted rules clearing the way for legislation to roll back the health care law. The budget blueprint introduced on Tuesday in the Senate is not sent to the president and does not become law, but still clears the way for subsequent legislation that Republicans say will repeal major provisions of the Affordable Care Act. Republicans bypassed the Budget Committee so they could immediately bring the measure to the floor. Such resolutions are normally developed after weeks of work in the Budget Committee. Under the plan, four congressional committees  —   two in the House and two in the Senate  —   have until Jan. 27 to develop legislation that will be the vehicle for repealing the health care law. The document does not specify which provisions of the law may be eliminated and which ones may be preserved. Nor does it specify or even suggest how Republicans would replace the Affordable Care Act, which the Obama administration says has provided coverage to some 20 million people who were previously uninsured. Republicans have said they may delay the effective date of a repeal bill, to avoid disrupting coverage for people who have it and to provide time for Republicans to develop alternatives to the 2010 health law. The budget blueprint allows Republicans to use savings from repealing major provisions of that law to help offset the cost of future, unspecified measures to help people obtain coverage. “Americans face skyrocketing premiums and soaring deductibles,” said Senator Mike Enzi, Republican of Wyoming and chairman of the Senate Budget Committee. “Insurers are withdrawing from markets across the country, leaving many families with fewer choices and less access to care than they had before  —   the opposite of what the law promised. ” The American Medical Association urged Congress on Tuesday to explain how it would replace the Affordable Care Act. “Before any action is taken through reconciliation or other means that would potentially alter coverage, policy makers should lay out for the American people, in reasonable detail, what will replace current policies,” the chief executive of the association, Dr. James L. Madara, said in a letter to congressional leaders. Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, who engineered the House passage of the health law in 2010, promised this week that Democrats would be just as aggressive in fighting its repeal. Republicans have said they may delay legislation to replace the health law for several years. Ms. Pelosi said that such a delay would be “an act of cowardice on the part of Republicans,” and that “they don’t even have the votes to do it” because they have not agreed on a replacement plan. Democrats also vowed to give Mr. Trump’s cabinet nominees rigorous scrutiny. Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the   Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, has written to Senator Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, the committee chairman, asking to postpone the first scheduled confirmation hearing, set for next week for Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, whom Mr. Trump has chosen as attorney general."
42,17333,"With Choice of Trade Negotiator, Trump Prepares to Confront Mexico and China - The New York Times",New York Times,Binyamin Appelbaum,2017-01-04,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump on Tuesday named as his chief trade negotiator a Washington lawyer who has long advocated protectionist policies, the latest sign that Mr. Trump intends to fulfill his campaign promise to get tough with China, Mexico and other trading partners. Mr. Trump also renewed his episodic campaign to persuade American companies to expand domestic manufacturing, criticizing General Motors via Twitter on Tuesday morning for making in Mexico some of the Chevrolet Cruze hatchbacks it sells domestically. Hours later, Mr. Trump claimed credit after Ford said it would expand vehicle production in Flat Rock, Mich. The choice of Robert Lighthizer (pronounced   ) to be the United States’ trade representative nearly completes Mr. Trump’s selection of top economic advisers and, taken together with the  ’s running commentary on Twitter, underscores Mr. Trump’s focus on making things in America. That is causing unease among some Republicans who regard Mr. Trump’s views on trade as dangerously retrograde, even as they embrace the bulk of his economic agenda. Mainstream economists warn that protectionist policies like import taxes could impose higher prices on consumers and slow economic growth. But some Democrats are signaling a readiness to support Mr. Trump. Nine House Democrats held a news conference Tuesday with the A. F. L. . I. O. president, Richard Trumka, to urge renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada. “We wanted him to know that we’ll work with him on doing that,” Mr. Trumka said. “I don’t think he has enough Republican support to do it, and rewriting the rules of trade is a necessary first step in righting the economy for working people. ” Mr. Trump and his top advisers on trade, including Mr. Lighthizer, share a view that the United States in recent decades prioritized the ideal of free trade over its own  . They argue that other countries are undermining America’s industrial base by subsidizing their own export industries while impeding American importers. They regard this unfair competition as a key reason for the lackluster growth of the economy. In picking Mr. Lighthizer, who has spent much of the last few decades representing American steel producers in their frequent litigation of trade disputes, Mr. Trump is seeking to hire one of Washington’s top trade lawyers to enforce international trade agreements more vigorously. He must be confirmed by the Senate. “He will do an amazing job helping turn around the failed trade policies which have robbed so many Americans of prosperity,” Mr. Trump said in a statement. Mainstream Republicans have sought common ground with Mr. Trump, emphasizing, for example, the importance of enforcing trade rules, but they have not abandoned the party’s longtime advocacy for trade. Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, which will hold hearings on Mr. Lighthizer’s nomination, issued a cautiously supportive statement Tuesday. “As the world and our economic competitors move to expand their global footprints, we can’t afford to be left behind in securing strong deals that will increase our access to new markets for   products and services,” Mr. Hatch said in a statement. “I look forward to a vigorous discussion of Bob’s trade philosophy and priorities. ” Mr. Trump has named a number of advisers on trade, leaving some ambiguity about the division of responsibilities. The   named the economist Peter Navarro, an outspoken critic of China, to lead a new White House office overseeing trade and industrial policy. Mr. Trump also said Wilbur Ross, the billionaire investor and choice for commerce secretary, will play a key role. Mr. Lighthizer, however, is the only member of the triumvirate with government experience. “Those who say U. S. T. R. will be subordinated to other agencies are mistaken,” said Alan Wolff, another former senior American trade official who was the steel industry’s   on trade with Mr. Lighthizer for nearly 20 years, citing Mr. Lighthizer’s encyclopedic knowledge of trade law. “He’ll be a dominant figure on trade, in harmony with Wilbur Ross and Navarro. ” There is also an ideological divide between the people Mr. Trump has named to oversee trade policy and his broader circle of advisers, which is populated by longstanding trade advocates like Gary D. Cohn, the president of Goldman Sachs, who will lead the National Economic Council Rex W. Tillerson, the chief executive of Exxon Mobil, tapped for secretary of state and Gov. Terry Branstad of Iowa, Mr. Trump’s choice for ambassador to China. Proponents of trade hope the broader circle, and congressional Republicans, will exert a moderating influence. “You’re seeing a pretty clear indication that there will be a focus on the enforcement of our trade agreements and on the letter of the law,” said Scott Lincicome, an international trade lawyer at White  Case. “But that doesn’t necessarily mean a significant turn toward protectionism. Even free trade guys like me support enforcement. ” Trade opponents on the left and the right, meanwhile, are hoping Mr. Trump means to break with several decades of   policy. “There’s going to be a war within the Trump administration on where they go with trade, and we’re hoping to energize the worker base he had to make sure they go in the right direction to benefit the American worker,” Mr. Trumka said. Mr. Trump’s promise to immediately designate China as a currency manipulator may offer an early test of the administration’s intentions. Economists see no evidence China is suppressing the value of its currency, although it has done so in the past. Mr. Lincicome said officially labeling China a currency manipulator despite the lack of recent evidence would signal that the administration is taking a hard line on trade issues. A broader shift in trade policy would unfold more slowly. Mr. Trump has promised to renegotiate Nafta the original process took most of three years. He has promised to pursue enforcement actions against other nations, but it takes time to mount cases. He has threatened to impose new tariffs on imports, but sweeping changes most likely would require congressional legislation. Mr. Trump already is seeking to exert influence by seizing the presidential bullhorn. “General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U. S. car   free across border,” he wrote Tuesday on Twitter. “Make in U. S. A. or pay big border tax!” General Motors announced in 2015 that it would make the Cruze in Coahuila, Mexico. American manufacturers are moving   production to Mexico to take advantage of lower labor costs and because of declining domestic demand. They continue to build more expensive vehicles in the United States. Ford’s announcement Tuesday does not reverse that trend. The carmaker said it still planned to move production of the compact Ford Focus from Michigan to Mexico. But it said it would invest in a different Michigan plant to expand production of   vehicles, including its   pickup truck and the Mustang sports car, as well as a new   sport utility vehicle. “We are encouraged by the   policies that   Trump and the new Congress have indicated they will pursue,” said the company’s chief executive, Mark Fields. Mr. Lighthizer served as deputy United States trade representative in the Ronald Reagan administration, when he was involved in pressing Japan to reduce its restrictions on American imports and its subsidies for its own exports. Mr. Trump has criticized China for similar practices, setting the stage for a new round of confrontations. Reagan is often remembered as an advocate for free trade, but his administration in its early hours imposed a quota on Japanese auto imports. It was the first in a long series of measures aimed at putting pressure on the nation that was then regarded, like China in recent years, as a threat to American prosperity. “President Reagan’s pragmatism contrasted strongly with the utopian dreams of free traders,” Mr. Lighthizer wrote in a 2008 piece criticizing Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, for embracing “unbridled” free trade. Conservatives, he argued, “always understood that trade policy was merely a tool for building a strong and independent country with a prosperous middle class. ”"
43,17334,Trump Appears to Side With Assange Over Intelligence Agencies’ Conclusions - The New York Times,New York Times,"Scott Shane, Maggie Haberman and Julie Hirschfeld Davis",2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"■   Donald J. Trump appears to side with the WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange over United States intelligence agencies, with Vice   Mike Pence backing him up. ■ She’s hired: Omarosa Manigault gets a White House post, as do some notable Trump loyalists. But Mr. Trump is leaning on Republican veterans in the Oval Office’s top slots. ■ The   finds something “very strange” about his intelligence briefing on Friday  —   even though the White House says it was always planned for Friday. For the Republican Party, Mr. Assange, the WikiLeaks founder, was once purely a villain. He found little sympathy with conservatives after he leaked American military secrets from Iraq, published purloined diplomatic cables that could have gotten American sources killed and sought refuge in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London, fleeing charges of rape. But now, Mr. Trump appears to be siding with Mr. Assange over the conclusions of America’s intelligence services. Mr. Assange appeared on Fox News on Tuesday night with Sean Hannity, one of Mr. Trump’s biggest news media boosters, to declare once again that the Russians were not the source of the purloined emails that WikiLeaks released from the Democratic National Committee and the personal account of Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta. Mr. Trump followed that appearance with a series of Twitter posts on Wednesday that appeared to be preparing his followers for battle once more information on intelligence findings was released, most likely by Thursday. There were actually two separate hackings that the Obama administration has said came from Russian intelligence  —   with “100 percent” certainty. As he has previously, Mr. Assange said: “Our source is not the Russian government. It is not state parties. ” But Mr. Assange has often said that the organization does not always know the identity of its sources. It is highly unlikely that anyone approaching WikiLeaks with the emails obtained by Russian government hacking would acknowledge the source, so it is likely that Mr. Assange cannot be sure of the origin of the emails. Mr. Assange and Mr. Hannity did not address that, in addition to WikiLeaks, the leaked Democratic material was published by two mysterious websites, DCLeaks. com and a blog written by someone called Guccifer 2. 0. American intelligence agencies say they believe both were created by Russian agents. In addition to American intelligence agencies, most private researchers also say they believe that the D. N. C. and Podesta hackings were carried out on orders of Russian government officials, though a few skeptics say they believe the case is unproven by the evidence made public. Mr. Assange’s statement is unlikely to change that conclusion. Intelligence officials will brief Congress on their Russia inquiry on Thursday, ahead of a briefing for Mr. Trump in New York on Friday. Senator John McCain of Arizona, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, will hold the first hearing on the matter on Thursday as well. As for that “terrible” information mentioned by Mr. Trump, the CNN commentator Donna Brazile did send Mr. Podesta an email ahead of a Democratic presidential debate in Flint, Mich. tipping him off that a woman in the audience would ask why the government was not doing more to help clean the city’s   water supply. That was, in fact, reported widely and often, here and here and here and here, among other places. And that was hardly an unexpected query  —   for Mrs. Clinton or for her rival, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. It did cause Ms. Brazile to lose her CNN post. The   appears to be getting a jump on the news. Vice   Mike Pence defended Mr. Trump’s Assange posts at a Capitol Hill news conference Wednesday, effectively doubling down on the incoming administration’s icy blasts toward United States intelligence. Mr. Trump “expressed his very sincere and healthy American skepticism about intelligence conclusions,” Mr. Pence said, with House Republican leaders by his side. Mr. Trump’s remarks have again placed fellow Republicans in an uncomfortable position. Asked on Wednesday morning about the Twitter post, Speaker Paul D. Ryan steered clear of criticizing the   saying he would not be commenting on “every little tweet or Facebook post. ” But he called Mr. Assange “a sycophant for Russia,” who “leaks, steals data and compromises national security. ” Mr. Ryan noted that Mr. Trump had not yet received his latest briefing on Russia. “Hopefully, he’ll get up to speed on what’s been happening and what Russia has or has not done,” he said. Ms. Manigault, the villain and diva from Mr. Trump’s reality television show “The Apprentice,” was officially named assistant to the president and director of communications for the White House Office of Public Liaison, one of a slate of Wednesday appointments that went to ardent Trump loyalists. The appointments include Bill Stepien, a confidant of Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey and a figure in the “Bridgegate” scandal, who will be White House political director. Keith Schiller, who was head of private security at Mr. Trump’s real estate company, will be director of Oval Office operations. John DeStefano, a longtime aide to former House Speaker John A. Boehner, will direct presidential personnel. And George Gigicos, who organized those giant campaign rallies, will be director of advance, a further indicator that Mr. Trump plans to continue that sort of thing as president. But for star power, no one is going to beat Ms. Manigault. Ms. Manigault aside, Mr. Trump is turning to some seasoned veterans to run key operations in his White House. Mr. Trump announced on Wednesday that he had selected Joe Hagin, who served for 14 years in the White House under Roanld Reagan, George Bush and George W. Bush, as his deputy chief of staff for operations, a key post in which he will be responsible for organizing presidential trips and security, among other things. He named Rick Dearborn, who has 25 years of experience on Capitol Hill, as his chief liaison to Congress, heading the Office of Legislative Affairs as well as the Office of Intergovernmental Affairs and Cabinet Affairs. Katie Walsh, who was chief of staff at the Republican National Committee under Reince Priebus, Mr. Trump’s incoming chief of staff, will become his deputy at the White House, overseeing senior staff, scheduling and the Office of Public Liaison. In a statement, Mr. Priebus called the three a “team of doers” who would fill critical roles. Kellyanne Conway, who served as counselor to Mr. Trump, said she was thrilled to have “another strong female leader” on the team in Ms. Walsh. First, Mr. Trump said that the nation should move beyond talk of Russian interference in the presidential election, but that he would listen to what American intelligence experts had to say. Then, on New Year’s Eve, the   promised that by Tuesday or Wednesday, he would reveal information on the hacking that Americans do not know. And now, he seems to think the intelligence community has not quite gotten its story straight. The Obama administration quickly let it be known that, in fact, intelligence leaders always intended to brief Mr. Trump on Friday in New York. And intelligence officials were not amused. Nor were some Republican political consultants. But this is not the first time the   has taken a swipe at the intelligence community, which has concluded that Russia tried to help get him elected president. President Obama is on Capitol Hill on Wednesday to plot a strategy to save his signature domestic achievement, the Affordable Care Act. Vice   Mike Pence countered with his own visit to congressional Republicans. “The first order of business is to repeal and replace Obamacare,” Mr. Pence said. “It needs to be done. ” And Mr. Trump weighed in on Twitter, trying to stiffen Republican spines as Democrats press their point that a fast gutting of the law will endanger the health care of 20 million people covered under the law and put at risk tens of millions more with   health problems. “Schumer clowns” may not be an olive branch to Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the new minority leader, but it is a signal that the incoming president is ready for war over health care. “Republicans should stop clowning around with Americans’ Medicare, Medicaid and health care,” Mr. Schumer responded after meeting with the president. He warned that Republicans would “throw the entire health care system into chaos. ” Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the House minority leader, tried to coin a phrase: “Make America sick again? Is that what Republicans want?” The Trump transition office named the lawyer Jay Clayton to be the next chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The last time Mr. Trump held a real news conference was on July 27, when he said President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had called him a genius and wrongly insisted that “many people” saw bombs strewn all over the floor of the San Bernardino, Calif. attackers’ home and failed to report it. That long stretch without a real news media grilling did not do him much harm. He did, after all, win the election. But he says he will hold a true, open news conference next Wednesday. No word yet whether this session will take the place of the one he scheduled for last month, then canceled, to specifically reveal his plans for the future of his corporation."
44,17335,California Hires Eric Holder as Legal Bulwark Against Donald Trump - The New York Times,New York Times,Adam Nagourney,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"LOS ANGELES  —   Girding for four years of potential battles with   Donald J. Trump, Democratic leaders of the California Legislature announced Wednesday that they had hired Eric H. Holder Jr. who was attorney general under President Obama, to represent them in any legal fights against the new Republican White House. The decision by the Legislature to retain Mr. Holder, who is now a prominent Washington lawyer, is the latest sign of  the ideological battle that may play out over the next four years between this predominantly Democratic state and Washington. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic candidate for president, defeated Mr. Trump by more than four million votes here. “Having the former attorney general of the United States brings us a lot of firepower in order to prepare to safeguard the values of the people of California,” Kevin de León, the Democratic leader of the Senate, said in an interview. “This means we are very, very serious. ” Mr. de León said he expected California to challenge Washington  —   and defend itself from policies instituted in Washington  —   on issues including the environment, immigration and criminal justice. He said California Democrats decided to turn to Mr. Holder as they watched Mr. Trump assemble his cabinet and begin to set the tone for his presidency. “It was very clear that it wasn’t just campaign rhetoric,” Mr. de León said of Mr. Trump’s proposals over the past year. “He was surrounding himself with people who are a very clear and present danger to the economic prosperity of California. ” Mr. Trump did not immediately return requests for comment. The move by Mr. de León and his Democratic counterpart in the Assembly, Anthony Rendon, follows Gov. Jerry Brown’s appointment of Representative Xavier Becerra as attorney general last month, to succeed Kamala D. Harris, who was elected to the United States Senate. That appointment made Mr. Becerra one of the   Latino officials in this state, and he is expected to be instrumental in battling with the Trump White House over any attempt to enforce stringent measures aimed at immigrants. Mr. Brown has made clear that he intends to challenge the administration on global warming and that his attorney general will be a key to that battle. The Democratic Party controls   of both the Assembly and the Senate in California. Every statewide elected official is a Democrat. Mr. Holder was Mr. Obama’s attorney general from 2009 to 2015. He was the first   to hold that position. He is a partner at Covington  Burling, a law firm in Washington that specializes in representing states and companies against the federal government. “I am honored that the Legislature chose Covington to serve as its legal adviser as it considers how to respond to potential changes in federal law that could impact California’s residents and policy priorities,” Mr. Holder said in a statement. “I am confident that our expertise across a wide array of federal legal and regulatory issues will be a great resource to the Legislature. ” The Legislature has an ample stable of lawyers on staff, but officials said Mr. Holder and his firm brought specific litigation and political skills that could be needed in the coming years. Mr. de León said the final compensation for the firm had not been set, but would be publicly disclosed once it was. “The cost will be very minimal compared to the billions of dollars at stake if California doesn’t adequately make its case,” he said."
45,17336,Israeli Soldier Who Shot Wounded Palestinian Assailant Is Convicted - The New York Times,New York Times,Isabel Kershner,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"JERUSALEM  —   The fate of just one   Israeli soldier was hanging in the balance. But for many Israelis, the guilty verdict announced on Wednesday was a critical turn in the battle for the character of the state. When the military judges convicted Sgt. Elor Azaria of manslaughter for shooting a Palestinian assailant in the head as he lay wounded on the ground, they were ruling not just on his conduct but also on the host of ethical and political issues it raised. Since the shooting in the occupied West Bank city of Hebron in March, the case has polarized Israelis and rocked the pedestal on which the military normally stands. With the 50th anniversary of Israel’s occupation of the West Bank approaching, the highly charged trial had fueled a debate about military ethics and the place of the army in Israeli society. The verdict did little to heal the rifts the trial had exposed: Hours after it was rendered, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu joined a chorus of voices calling for the soldier to be pardoned. “This is a difficult and painful day for us all,” Mr. Netanyahu said in a Facebook post supporting a pardon, which can be granted by Israel’s president or the army’s top officials. Referring to the Israel Defense Forces, he added, “The soldiers of the I. D. F. are our sons and daughters, and they need to remain above any dispute. ” Prof. David Enoch, an expert in the philosophy of law at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, said he thought the manslaughter conviction was “justified” but added, “I’m not sure this verdict will be welcomed by many of the soldiers and much of the public. ” The military’s rules make clear that assailants must be quickly incapacitated, but that once the threat is neutralized, they should not be killed. Rights groups and other critics have accused Israeli soldiers and police officers of being too quick to pull the trigger, particularly in response to a recent spate of deadly stabbings, shootings and car attacks by Palestinians. The Hebron killing, caught in chilling completeness in a video that quickly went viral worldwide, for many critics crystallized the question of excessive force, and even military leaders said Sergeant Azaria acted without justification. But in Israel, a country where military service is a part of national identity, many Jews called for backing up young soldiers sent on dangerous missions and said that Sergeant Azaria had been in an impossible situation and had little chance of an acquittal, since that would have put his commanders in a bad light. Israel’s defense minister, Avigdor Lieberman, called Wednesday’s decision “a tough verdict. ” “The first thing I ask of all of us  —   those who like the verdict and those like me who like it much less  —   we are all obligated to respect the court’s decision,” Mr. Lieberman said. “We are obligated to maintain restraint. ” Mr. Lieberman, as a member of the parliamentary opposition before his cabinet appointment, had attended the military court to support Sergeant Azaria and called the legal proceedings a “theater of the absurd. ” But on Wednesday, he said, “We must keep the army above and beyond all political argument. ” Politicians to Mr. Netanyahu’s right and left have also called for a pardon, including the education minister, Naftali Bennett, and Shelly Yacimovich of the Labor Party, who said that “Azaria’s shoulders are too narrow to bear the entire weight of the fissure” the case has exposed. Some Israeli experts compared the Azaria verdict to the Kafr Qassem ruling of more than 60 years ago, after border police officers fatally shot 49 Arab men, women and children as they returned from work in the fields, unwittingly breaking a curfew. The murder convictions of officers in that case established that security forces must refuse to follow a “patently illegal order” that carries a “black flag” of criminality. It helped shape the army’s ethos. Now, some fear that in the lower ranks, it has begun to erode. In a measure of the tensions, the verdict was handed down in a special court inside the walled and heavily guarded compound of the military’s headquarters in Tel Aviv, rather than in the courtroom where the trial was held, to keep demonstrators at bay. Video footage showed Sergeant Azaria smiling as he entered the courtroom to applause, and he was embraced by his family and friends. Hundreds of protesters gathered outside the compound, shouting slogans like “free the boy. ” Col. Maya Heller, one of the military judges, spent more than two and a half hours delivering the verdict. She systematically rejected the main points of the defense and said there had been “no justification” for the shooting, according to reports from the courtroom. Describing Sergeant Azaria’s telling of the event as “twisting” and “evolving,” the judge said the defense had tried to “hold the rope at both ends. ” On one hand it asserted that the victim, Abed     appeared to pose a danger because he was still moving, and on the other it brought medical witnesses who contended that he was dead by the time Sergeant Azaria shot him in the head. The judge seemed to give great weight to statements Sergeant Azaria, a medic who was 19 at the time, made at the scene, indicating he had acted not out of fear but for revenge. A soldier testified that before the shooting, Sergeant Azaria had said, “How is it that my friend was stabbed and the terrorist is still alive?” After the shooting, a commander who was at the scene recalled Sergeant Azaria saying, “The terrorist deserved to die. ” Ilan Katz, one of Sergeant Azaria’s lawyers, vowed to appeal. The military’s high command had denounced the shooting immediately after it happened, calling it a grave breach of proper military conduct. But Israeli society was divided against the backdrop of continued Palestinian attacks, many   politicians and celebrities, along with Jewish parents of soldiers, hailed Sergeant Azaria as a hero. Mr. Netanyahu first condemned Sergeant Azaria’s actions, then phoned the soldier’s family to offer sympathy and reassurances that he would be treated fairly. Local television stations frequently showed images of Sergeant Azaria’s distraught parents hugging him in court. Appealing to public sentiment in a country blighted by wars and terrorism, and where most Jewish    are conscripted for up to 32 months of military service, his supporters portrayed him as “everybody’s child. ” In remarks recorded before the verdict, the military’s chief of staff, Lt. Gen. Gadi Eisenkot, tried to puncture that narrative. “An    in the Israeli Army is not ‘everybody’s child,’” he said. “He is a fighter, a soldier who must dedicate his life to carry out the tasks we give him. We cannot be confused about this. ” The episode began when two Palestinian men stabbed and wounded an Israeli soldier at a checkpoint in Hebron. Israeli soldiers killed one and wounded the other, Mr. Sharif, 21. Sergeant Azaria arrived at the scene about six minutes later. The video showed calm had been restored. Yet 11 minutes after the initial attack, he cocked his rifle and shot Mr. Sharif as he lay on the road. Lawyers representing Sergeant Azaria said he had acted to save his comrades, in the belief that Mr. Sharif, who was still moving, might have been concealing an explosive belt under his jacket. But Sergeant Azaria did not warn the other soldiers or the medical staff nearby to move away. During the trial, Sergeant Azaria’s company commander, Maj. Tom Naaman, said he “did not feel any danger” from Mr. Sharif, undercutting the defendant’s claims. Yusri   Mr. Sharif’s father, told reporters that the verdict was “a good step” but that he hoped there would be no lenience in the sentencing, which is scheduled for Jan. 15. Ahmad Tibi, an Arab member of the Israeli Parliament, said on  Twitter that dozens of soldiers and commanders who killed Palestinians should have been convicted. “Fifty years of occupation add up to much more than one Azaria,” Mr. Tibi wrote."
46,17337,Work. Walk 5 Minutes. Work. - The New York Times,New York Times,Gretchen Reynolds,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"Stuck at your work desk? Standing up and walking around for five minutes every hour during the workday could lift your mood, combat lethargy without reducing focus and attention, and even dull hunger pangs, according to an instructive new study. The study, which also found that frequent, brief walking breaks were more effective at improving   than a single, longer walk before work, could provide the basis for a simple, realistic New Year’s exercise resolution for those of us bound to our desks all day. There is growing evidence, of course, that long bouts of uninterrupted sitting can have undesirable physical and emotional consequences. Studies have shown that sitting motionless reduces blood flow to the legs, increasing the risk for atherosclerosis, the buildup of plaques in the arteries. People who sit for more than eight or nine hours daily, which for many of us describes a typical workday, also are at heightened risk for diabetes, depression and obesity compared with people who move more often. In response, researchers and some bosses have proposed a variety of methods for helping people reduce their sitting time at work, including standing workstations and treadmill desks. But such options are cumbersome and costly, making them impractical for many work situations. Some experts have worried, too, that if people are physically active at the office, they might subsequently become more tired, grumpy, distracted or hungry, any of which could have an undesirable effect on work performance and   health. So for the new study, which was published in November in the International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity, researchers from the University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, the Johnson  Johnson Human Performance Institute and other institutions decided to test several methods of increasing movement among office workers. (The study was funded largely by Johnson  Johnson, with additional support from the Colorado Nutrition Obesity Research Center.) To start, the researchers invited 30 sedentary adult office workers to a university clinic to complete a battery of health tests and questionnaires. The researchers measured their heart rates and stress hormone levels and asked them to rank, on a numerical scale, how energetic or tired they felt, as well as how happy they were, and whether they were feeling peckish or had little appetite just then. The volunteers also completed computerized games designed primarily to test their ability to concentrate and make decisions. Then, on three subsequent visits to the clinic, each volunteer simulated a   workday. During one visit, the volunteers sat for the whole time with no interruptions, except for bathroom breaks. During another, they walked moderately for 30 minutes at the start of their experimental day, and then sat for the next five and a half hours with no additional scheduled breaks. Finally, during a third visit, the volunteers sat for most of the six hours, but began each hour with five minutes of moderate walking, using treadmills at the clinic. At the start and end of each session, the researchers drew blood to check levels of stress hormones. And periodically throughout each day, they asked their volunteers to numerically rate their moods, energy, fatigue and appetites. The volunteers also repeated the computerized testing of their thinking skills at the close of each session. The researchers then analyzed the data. The numbers showed that on almost all measures, the subjects’ ratings of how they were feeling rose when they did not sit for six uninterrupted hours. They said that they felt much more energetic throughout the day if they had been active, whether that activity was bunched into a single longish walk at the start of the day or distributed into multiple brief breaks. On other measures, though, the   walks were more potent than the concentrated   version. When the workers rose most often, they reported greater happiness, less fatigue and considerably less craving for food than on either of the other days. Their feelings of vigor also tended to increase throughout the day, while they often had plateaued by early afternoon after walking only once in the morning. There were no differences on the scores on the cognitive tests, whether they sat all day or got up and moved. Stress hormones also remained steady during each visit. These results suggest that “even a little bit of activity, spread throughout the day, is a practical, easy way to improve ” says Jack Groppel, a study author and a founder of the Johnson  Johnson Human Performance Institute. He points out that the walking breaks did not cause people to feel more tired or hungry, but instead had the opposite effect. They also did not alter people’s ability to focus, so, in theory, should not affect productivity (for good or ill). This study, however, was small in scale,   and limited by its dependence on the volunteers’ perceptions of their responses to the experiment. But even so, “it’s clear that moving matters,” Dr. Groppel says. So set your 2017 appointment calendar, he suggests, to devote five minutes every hour to physical activity, whether you walk up and down a staircase, along a corridor or just pace around your office."
47,17338,It’s Time to Ignore Advice About Which Stocks to Buy in 2017 - The New York Times,New York Times,Damon Darlin,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"It’s that time of year when financial advice sites issue their lists of the “Stocks to Buy for 2017. ” Before you take them up on their suggestions, let’s look at how well such portfolios did in 2016. The portfolios of stocks they were telling you to buy generally did much worse than the stock market over all. The results underline what many personal finance experts recommend: Invest in a broad,   mutual index fund. (The Times’s “Your Money” columnist wrote more on this here.) In 2016, the broad S. P. stock index increased 9. 5 percent. But if you invested in Forbes’s 2016 list, your money grew about 7 percent. Kiplinger’s was about half that. A list that appeared on the Money magazine site garnered 4. 9 percent, and Barron’s returned 5. 3 percent. One such list at CNBC did a little better than most at 10. 6 percent. But Vanguard’s Total Stock index fund returned 12. 5 percent in the same period. We even calculated these returns by assuming that any of the dividends were reinvested, but still none beat the widely owned index fund. There is nothing wrong with these lists if you are using them as mere suggestions of what companies might be worth investigating. There were some bona fide winners on almost every list: Goldman Sachs, Kennametal, Ellie Mae, Douglas Dynamics,   Burlington Stores. You might not have heard of some of those companies, so it’s not a bad place to look for ideas. But the problem with such lists is that they encourage people to approach investing the wrong way. Unsophisticated investors are being persuaded that they should own a sheaf of stocks. But as you can see, even when the stocks are recommended by professional money managers and filtered through some of the best financial journalists, they don’t do as well as the averages. The best advice remains the same: If you have money you want to play with, go have some fun with a few stocks that you can monitor closely. If you keep it simple, it’s easier to track and respond. But for the rest of us, the smart investment is  those index funds. They cost less than stocks or other funds. They remove most of the emotion from your decision making, which is the cause of a lot of bad decisions. That’s your best bet in 2017."
48,17339,"Megyn Kelly’s Jump to NBC From Fox News Will Test Her, and the Networks - The New York Times",New York Times,Jim Rutenberg,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"For Megyn Kelly, the shift from Fox News to NBC  —   where she will host a daily daytime show and a Sunday newsmagazine program  —   will be a test of whether she can connect with a broader audience in a different format and reach another level of television stardom. But her move, announced Tuesday, has broader implications for the television news industry, raising new questions about the future of Fox News, where she was a countervailing presence in an opinion lineup heavy with   ideology, and of NBC News, which has been a longtime bête noire for conservative press critics. And it comes as all news organizations gird for a new era of media coverage that arrives Jan. 20 with the inauguration of Donald J. Trump. The Murdoch family, which controls Fox News’s parent company, 21st Century Fox, had become so invested in Ms. Kelly as a franchise that they were prepared to pay her a salary of more than $20 million a year. People inside and outside the network widely took that to mean the Murdochs were staking the network’s future on a journalist who effectively made her name by upending the expectations for a Fox News anchor  —   for instance, by publicly taking on the Republican nominee for president. But now Fox News, long the cable news ratings leader and an influential voice in the national political debate, is on course to begin coverage of a new administration with no   anchor with Ms. Kelly’s history of challenging Mr. Trump. Her show, “The Kelly File,” was sandwiched between the   program of Bill O’Reilly  —   she was regularly second to him in the cable news ratings  —   and that of Mr. Trump’s major booster, Sean Hannity. Her departure, coming after that of Greta Van Susteren, also means that Fox faces the prospect of having no female host in prime time. That is a potentially troubling development for the network as its seeks to move past last summer‘s sexual harassment scandal involving its   and former chairman, Roger Ailes, in which many women described experiencing harassment or intimidation. (Fox is said to be looking at several potential female successors for Ms. Kelly.) For NBC, the addition of Ms. Kelly, 46, may help address a challenge confronting many major news organizations: connecting with a politically diverse audience. In bringing Ms. Kelly to NBC, Andrew Lack, the chairman of the news division, is adding a journalist schooled in the preferences and worldviews of the conservative Americans who helped elect Mr. Trump, and whose anger so many news organizations failed to appreciate. Ms. Kelly’s closely watched career move capped months of drama in the political sphere, in which she was often at the center of Mr. Trump’s intense,   campaign, and in the media world, where she became a key figure in the events that led to Mr. Ailes’s ouster. Ms. Kelly was the most prominent among a group of women at the network who told internal investigators that Mr. Ailes had engaged in inappropriate behavior. (Mr. Ailes has denied all the accusations.) Despite having made a generous offer to Ms. Kelly, Rupert Murdoch, an executive chairman of 21st Century Fox, whose   negotiation tactics are legendary, offered a supportive statement about her decision to leave. “We thank Megyn Kelly for her 12 years of contributions to Fox News,” the statement read. “We hope she enjoys tremendous success in her career and wish her and her family the best. ” Though the loss of Ms. Kelly is a blow to Fox News, the network has a winning formula that has kept it atop the ratings for many years, and helped it to avoid the   its rivals experienced in the weeks after Election Day, as The Associated Press reported. And now the nation has a new Republican president whose approach speaks to the sensibilities of many of Fox’s viewers. Company executives said the Murdochs knew Ms. Kelly was a flight risk their offer included keeping her in prime time, and she had made it clear she was seeking a job that would give her more time for her family. Ms. Kelly had spoken with top executives at ABC News, CNN and in the syndication industry, as well as NBC News, but NBC remained largely under the radar as a landing spot. One person briefed on Ms. Kelly’s deliberations said that Mr. Lack won her over by starting the talks with a question about what she was seeking, instead of flatly offering possibilities. He then came back with a deal that was tailored to her preferences. A daytime show would give her a schedule that would allow her to see her children off to school and to have dinner with them and her husband, Douglas Brunt, a novelist. People briefed on the talks, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, declined to disclose what Ms. Kelly’s new annual salary would be at NBC. Fox News rivals who sought to hire Ms. Kelly away, including NBC News, had indicated that they could not match the $20 million offer from Fox, the cable news leader for the last 15 years running. But even a modest raise for Ms. Kelly would place her among television’s   journalists. The Wall Street Journal recently reported she was to collect $15 million for the final year of her contract. Her high price tag was worth it for Mr. Lack, who took over leadership of NBC News and MSNBC in 2015, 14 years after he had ended an   tenure running the divisions. Executives at NBC Universal turned to him to stabilize the network after the suspension of the nightly news anchor Brian Williams for embellishing accounts of his reporting in Iraq, and as MSNBC floundered in the ratings. Among his moves since returning has been to direct MSNBC back toward more traditional, hard news coverage during its daytime hours  —   like its cable news rivals, it hit record ratings highs last year  —   and away from its yearslong market position as a   answer to Fox News, which at times colored the reputation of its sister, NBC News. Ms. Kelly will not be reporting for MSNBC, which still has     hosts like Rachel Maddow and Lawrence O’Donnell. In a brief interview, Mr. Lack said he would be closely involved in the creation of Ms. Kelly’s daytime show, which will run Monday through Friday at a time to be determined, as well as the one she will anchor on Sunday nights. That show will be in the vein of CBS’s “60 Minutes,” where Mr. Lack worked early in his career. “The thing about this that is challenging but exciting as hell is that we love making new shows,” he said. “You don’t get that opportunity that often any more, and you don’t get the opportunity to do that with a talent like Megyn. ” Yet the move has its risks for all involved, especially the daytime program. Daytime television has been notoriously difficult for news stars. People involved in the discussions said that the program was not planned to be in the mold of a traditional daytime talk show, nor much like the     special Ms. Kelly hosted last May on the Fox broadcast network, which drew some harsh criticism (some of which Ms. Kelly dismissed as liberal disappointment over a friendly interview with Mr. Trump). In an interview with Charlie Rose on “CBS Sunday Morning” last year, Ms. Kelly described the television show of her fantasies. “How about if we merge a little Charlie Rose, a little Oprah, and a little me all together,’’ she said. “And we serve that up as an hour? Wouldn’t you watch that?” Ms. Kelly kept a relatively low profile on Tuesday, addressing her own news at the end of that night’s edition of “The Kelly File. ” “This was a tough decision for me,” Ms. Kelly said, thanking the Murdochs and attributing the move in part to her desire for more time with her children. Her last show on Fox is on Friday."
49,17340,Anchor Becomes the News as Megyn Kelly Leaves Fox News for NBC - The New York Times,New York Times,John Koblin and Michael M. Grynbaum,2017-01-04,2017.0,1.0,,"Megyn Kelly’s new office at NBC News sits a block north of Fox News headquarters in Midtown Manhattan. But it might as well be a world away. In switching networks at a pivotal point in her career, Ms. Kelly, the No.   personality in cable television news, is taking a calculated risk that she can swap her dedicated Fox audience for the broader, but more fickle, viewership of network television. There are challenges from the  . Her splashy arrival has the potential to fray nerves among the big personalities at the network  —   who already compete against one another for interviews and scoops. Ms. Kelly, 46, will also be taking on a daytime talk show format that has been a virtual graveyard for television news personalities in the last 10 years. And the new Sunday newsmagazine show that NBC plans to build around Ms. Kelly will go up against a giant that has not been meaningfully challenged for decades: “60 Minutes” on CBS. Still, Ms. Kelly is a bona fide star with a   book and a breakout role in this year’s presidential campaign, when she clashed with Donald J. Trump. NBC News comes out the winner in one of the most closely watched talent sweepstakes in years, acquiring one of television’s biggest names who could play a role in any number of major network events, like coverage of elections or the Olympics. Interviews on Tuesday with network executives and producers  —   from Fox, NBC and other rival channels  —   suggest that Ms. Kelly’s performance at NBC will be as closely watched in the industry as her past few months of contract negotiations. Ms. Kelly will have to design her daytime talk show from scratch. Even though she made her name as a news anchor, she has argued that she is not obsessed with politics. When she hosted a   special on Fox in May  —   her first major foray outside cable news  —   she expressed a desire to combine the qualities of Oprah Winfrey, Barbara Walters and Charlie Rose. That special  —   which featured interviews with Mr. Trump, the celebrity lawyer Robert Shapiro and the actress Laverne Cox  —   received middling reviews. It was far from a ratings hit: Among adults younger than 50, the demographic most important to broadcasters, Ms. Kelly’s special performed about as well as ABC’s “Beyond the Tank,” a   spinoff. A daily daytime talk show also poses risks.   talent like Jane Pauley, Meredith Vieira, Katie Couric and Anderson Cooper have taken a stab at the genre in the past, and each one failed. In Ms. Pauley’s case, NBC invested millions of dollars, but the show was yanked in 2005 after just one year. NBC said on Tuesday that Ms. Kelly’s show was expected to be closer to a news program than the typical daytime talk show, although it is unclear what exactly that will mean or how much appetite there is for news amid a landscape including shows like “Days of Our Lives,” “The Ellen DeGeneres Show” and “Steve Harvey. ” The audience for daytime television is also significantly more diverse than Fox’s   viewership. Starting a Sunday rival to “60 Minutes,” the   among newsmagazines, is likewise no easy task. “Rock Center,” which Brian Williams hosted, lasted two seasons. NBC’s most recent newsmagazine, “On Assignment,” ran    against “60 Minutes” over five weeks the show averaged about four million viewers, compared with more than nine million for “60 Minutes,” which broadcast two repeats during that time. (This season, “60 Minutes” is averaging more than 14 million viewers.) It is also unclear how NBC will accommodate Ms. Kelly’s show during the National Football League season, when NBC’s popular “Sunday Night Football” package includes a highly rated pregame show that begins at 7 p. m. Eastern. But Andrew Lack, NBC News’s chairman, has long had newsmagazines in his blood. In addition to overseeing a “60 Minutes” competitor on CBS in the 1980s, Mr. Lack presided over NBC in the 1990s when newsmagazines, including the network’s popular “Dateline,” dominated   lineups. Fox, meanwhile, must now set a course without one of its biggest names, as the network continues to recalibrate itself after the ouster of its chairman, Roger Ailes. Ms. Kelly’s exit from Fox News was so abrupt that it was announced on the day that the network had run a   ad in The Wall Street Journal trumpeting the ratings of its   lineup, with Ms. Kelly prominently pictured. Her departure stunned the Fox newsroom, where journalists and executives spent Tuesday afternoon speculating over which anchor might replace Ms. Kelly in the coveted 9 p. m. slot  —   and wondering if Ms. Kelly would even appear that night. When Greta Van Susteren, another veteran anchor, announced her departure in September, network representatives visited her home to tell her not to bother coming in. In the end, Ms. Kelly was granted a chance to bid farewell to Fox News viewers  —   her last show is Friday. It is not clear who will replace her. Fox News has never had an     lineup. Potential replacements being floated inside the network on Tuesday include four women who have regularly filled in for Ms. Kelly: Sandra Smith, a host of Fox’s noon show, “Outnumbered” Trish Regan, a rising star at Fox Business Network Shannon Bream, who covers the Supreme Court and Martha MacCallum, a morning anchor. Kimberly Guilfoyle, a host of “The Five” who is friendly with Mr. Trump’s circle, and Tucker Carlson, who has put up high ratings since taking over Fox News’s 7 p. m. slot, have also been suggested. Sean Hannity, whose viewership at 10 p. m. increased enormously in 2016 and has spiked since Election Day, could be moved up an hour, but his momentum in his time slot may make Fox executives reluctant to make a switch. One winner in the sweepstakes for Ms. Kelly could be CNN, even though it did not succeed in recruiting her. CNN, while still behind Fox News in total viewers by a wide margin, has occasionally beaten Fox among viewers 25 to 54, the demographic that determines advertising rates. In 2016, CNN finished within 58, 000 viewers of Fox in prime time in the demographic  —   cutting Fox’s lead in half. Since the election, Fox has regained a sizable lead, but now, without spending a penny, CNN will now have an opportunity to take another run at Fox’s   advantage."
50,17341,President Xi’s Great Chinese Soccer Dream - The New York Times,New York Times,Chris Buckley,2017-02-01,2017.0,2.0,,"QINGYUAN, China  —   The 48 soccer fields of the vast Evergrande Football School in south China seem barely enough for its 2, 800 students. Against a backdrop of school spires that seem modeled on Hogwarts, the young athletes swarm onto the fields nearly every day, kicking, dribbling and passing in the hope of soccer glory and riches. “Soccer will be my career after I grow up,” Wang Kai, a gangly    who has studied at the boarding school for over three years, said after a morning session under the supervision of a Spanish coach. “I want to be the Chinese Cristiano Ronaldo,” he said, referring to the Portuguese superstar. Grooming the next Ronaldo or Messi has become a national project in China, where the country’s No. 1 fan, President Xi Jinping, is bent on transforming the country into a great soccer power. It is a moonshot for China, whose teams have ranked poor to middling in recent international competition. But the effort has already unleashed a surge of spending and support for the game that has stunned fans and players around the world. In the last two weeks, the main Chinese league has plucked foreign stars from Europe and South America with contracts reported to be worth as much as $40 million a year, the highest pay for any soccer player in the world. A Chinese club offered the real Ronaldo $105 million a year, but he declined, his agent said last week. These giddying sums are shaking the landscape of pro soccer. Antonio Conte, the manager of England’s fabled Chelsea team, denounced the Chinese spending spree last month as a “danger for all teams in the world. ” The drive to match China’s economic ascent with success on the soccer field has become emblematic of Mr. Xi’s ambition to transform China into a great and confident power. “My biggest hope for Chinese soccer is that its teams become among the world’s best,” he announced in 2015. In the last two years, the government has poured the kind of concentrated effort into soccer that it has previously devoted to winning Olympic medals in individual sports like diving and gymnastics. It has promised to clean up and reorganize professional soccer and build a new generation of players by creating tens of thousands of soccer fields and adding soccer programs in tens of thousands of schools. The aim is to establish a flow of top players eventually capable of winning the coveted men’s World Cup and returning the women’s team to its former glory. That effort has emboldened Chinese clubs to spend lavishly. As well as paying tens of millions for foreign players, Chinese team owners have spent hundreds of millions of dollars buying into European clubs, hoping to tap their coaching and marketing expertise. “Current spending has created massive expectations,” said Simon Chadwick, a professor of sports enterprise at the University of Salford in Britain. “Spending big on players is also about acquiring heroes and icons. ” But if soccer distills Mr. Xi’s national ambitions, it also illustrates how his plans could falter, as they have in other arenas, in a muddle of rushed and distorted enforcement, especially at the local level. There has been resistance by parents, worried about their children taking precious time away from academics, as well as fear that splurging on foreign stars diverts money and attention from fostering homegrown talent. The pitfalls in fixing soccer, it turns out, are a bit like those in fixing the economy a desire for quick, flashy success is putting   goals at risk. People’s Daily, the main newspaper of the Communist Party, warned last month of a “bubble” of reckless spending in Chinese professional soccer that could burst and badly damage the sport. Too many investors had feverish expectations, while some clubs, officials and schools were only going through the motions of developing young players, the newspaper said. “One of the biggest problems is ” said Cameron Wilson, a Scottish resident of Shanghai who edits Wild East Football, a website that follows the sport in China. “There are these great plans and ideas. But when it gets down to the   level in the provinces, it’s like people doing their own thing. ” China’s passionate soccer fans would be thrilled to have competitive national teams instead of the lackluster ones they have now. The national men’s team recently placed 83rd in FIFA rankings, just ahead of the Faroe Islands, a remote outcrop of Denmark with fewer than 50, 000 inhabitants, and it is unlikely to win a spot in the 2018 World Cup. The women’s team  —   the pride of Chinese soccer in past decades  —   has stumbled. It was   for the Women’s World Cup in 1999 but slipped to 13th in the latest  rankings. “The national team is a joke,” said Xu Yun, 16, who had come to Workers’ Stadium in Beijing to watch his favorite Beijing team clobber a listless opponent from Henan Province. “I think it will need decades to get it right. It’s not just a question of spending money, it’s attitude. ” For years, the domestic professional game was riddled with corruption, brazen even by China’s   standards. Since   revelations grew into a national scandal in 2009, the worst cheating has been cleaned up. “It still exists,” Mr. Wilson said. “Just not so blatantly. ” For Xi, soccer has been a passion since childhood. His trips abroad have included photographs with David Beckham and other soccer celebrities. In Ireland in 2012, he famously had an enthusiastic but seemingly rusty go at kicking a ball. In September, he revisited his old school in Beijing, where he learned to kick and became a fan of the game, according to memoirs of his former teacher. “Look how healthy I am,” Mr. Xi told young soccer players at the school. “I laid the basis for that through sports when I was young. ” Private investors have piled into professional soccer, encouraged by Xi’s backing for the game and apparently eager to curry favor with his government. In the main pro trading season last year, the 16 Chinese Super League teams spent about $300 million hiring away promising foreign players, outstripping player spending by the English Premier League by nearly $120 million, according to FIFA TMS, a player transfer data company. Prices in 2017 are likely to go even higher. But Mr. Xi’s focus is on the long game and the next generation of players. His plan calls for 50, 000 schools to have a strong emphasis on soccer by 2025, a leap from 5, 000 in 2015. The number of soccer fields across the country will grow to over 70, 000 by the end of 2020, from under 11, 000. By then, the plan says, 50 million Chinese, including 30 million students, will regularly play soccer. “Now principals at every school are paying quite a bit more attention to soccer,” said Dai Wei, the athletic director at r. Xi’s old school, the Bayi School. “That was unthinkable before. ” Yet there is deep cultural resistance, even at Bayi. Some parents discourage their children from committing time to sports, Mr. Dai said, because they have so much homework and face stiff competition on academic exams. While China has excelled at individual sports that demand intense discipline from an early age, the country has not done as well at fostering group sports, where skills like teamwork and improvisation count as much as personal virtuosity. The privately run Evergrande school, the world’s biggest soccer boarding school, says its formula of intense training combined with a solid education could show the way for developing young players. “As more soccer schools are built, there’ll be more and more kids playing, and the stars will multiply, too,” said Liu Jiangnan, the principal of the school, which opened in 2012. “I’d guess that in seven or eight years, half the members of the Chinese national squad will come from this school. ” Drawn by such hopes, parents pay up to about $8, 700 a year to send children here, where 24 Spanish coaches oversee training. Students spend 90 minutes a day on drills and also play on weekends. Promising players get scholarships, and children from poorer families get discounts, school officials said. But even here, the children come to the game later than their European and South American counterparts, and they often lack solid grounding in teamwork and tactics, said Sergio Zarco Diaz, a Spanish coach. “The kids are getting better, year by year,” he said hopefully. But the Evergrande approach is too expensive to be widely copied. Some schools, facing a shortage of coaches and space for fields, have devised their own drills, like soccer gymnastics, in which children stand in lines tossing a ball up, down and around. It may impress visiting officials, but it is scant preparation for the free flow of the game, said Zhang Lu, a widely respected soccer commentator. “Chinese soccer has failed before through rushing for instant success,” Mr. Zhang said in an interview in Beijing, recalling previous failed efforts to build up the game in the 1980s and 1990s. “The problem is that everyone’s thinking is still deeply set in traditional ideas. Everyone thinks soccer is just about getting results, competition, training, creating stars. ” Mr. Zhang has instead been encouraging schools to focus on fun and broad participation. That approach gives more children a break from the monotony of the classroom and will eventually bring out more future champions than an elitist,   approach, he argues. Some schools are trying his way. On a recent afternoon, the smog that often covers Beijing lifted and the children of Caoqiao Elementary School rushed onto the fields, shouting and squealing with delight. “This morning soccer had been canceled because of the smog,” said the principal, Lin Yanling. “But at midday I notified the kids that it was back on, and they all went crazy with relief. ”"
51,17342,Tech Giants Seem Invincible. That Worries Lawmakers. - The New York Times,New York Times,Farhad Manjoo,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"In the technology industry, the sharks have never long been safe from the minnows. Over much of the last 40 years, the biggest players in tech  —   from IBM to   to Cisco to Yahoo  —   were eventually outmaneuvered by   that came out of nowhere. The dynamic is so dependable that it is often taken to be a kind of axiom. To grow large in this business is also to grow slow, blind and dumb, to become closed off from the very sources of innovation that turned you into a shark in the first place. Then, in the last half decade, something strange happened: The sharks began to get bigger and smarter. Nearly a year ago, I argued that we were witnessing a new era in the tech business, one that is typified less by the storied   in a garage than by a posse I like to call the Frightful Five: Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft and Alphabet, Google’s parent company. Together the Five compose a new superclass of American corporate might. For much of last year, their further rise and domination over the rest of the global economy looked not just plausible, but also maybe even probable. In 2017, much the same story remains, but there is a new wrinkle: The world’s governments are newly motivated to take on the tech giants. In the United States, Europe, Asia and South America, the Five find themselves increasingly arrayed against legal and regulatory powers, and often even against popular will. The precise nature of the fights varies by company and region, including the tax and antitrust investigations of Apple and Google in Europe and Donald J. Trump’s broad and often incoherent criticism of the Five for various alleged misdeeds. This is the story that will shape the contours of the next great era in tech: Five huge companies that can only get bigger are set against governments that increasingly see them as a clear threat to governing authority. So, happy New Year. Let’s start with some stats. In 2017, the Five are bigger than ever. As in 2016, they are half of the world’s 10 most valuable companies, when measured by stock market value. Their wealth stems from their control of the inescapable digital infrastructure on which much of the rest of the economy depends  —   mobile phones, social networks, the web, the cloud, retail and logistics, and the data and computing power required for future breakthroughs. Meanwhile, the Five are poised to jump beyond their corner of the lagoon. Over the last few years they have begun to set their sights on the biggest industries outside tech  —   on autos, health care, retail, transportation, entertainment and finance. The Five aren’t exactly immune to business cycles. Apple’s sales were flat last year, and after a monster 2016, Alphabet’s stock price hit a plateau. The Five also aren’t entirely safe from competition from   and one of the persistent features of the tech industry is that some of the most perilous threats to giants are the hardest to spot. Still, at the moment, thanks to smart acquisition strategies and a   outlook, the Five sure do look insulated from competition from   today’s most valuable tech upstarts, like Airbnb, Uber and Snap, could grow quite huge and still pose little threat to the collective fortunes of the Frightful Five. What has changed is public perception. For years, most of the Five enjoyed broad cultural good will. They were portrayed in the news media as forces of innovation and delight, as the best that American capitalism had to offer. The exceptions were Microsoft, which reached towering heights through corporate ruthlessness in the 1990s, and Amazon, which got under people’s skin for, among other things, making books cheaper and more widely accessible, thereby hurting bookstores. But generally people loved tech giants. They had gotten huge just the way you’re supposed to in America  —   by inventing new stuff that people love. And even their worst sins weren’t considered that bad. They weren’t causing environmental disasters. They weren’t selling cigarettes. They weren’t bringing the world to economic ruin through dangerous financial shenanigans. After I noted the Five’s growing invincibility last year, the biggest pushback I got from people at these companies had to do with the moniker I had given them: Why hadn’t I called them the Fabulous Five? Over the last year perception began to change. Familiarity breeds contempt as technology wormed deeper into our lives, it began to feel less like an unalloyed good and more like every other annoyance we have to deal with. Silicon Valley grew cloistered, missing people’s unease with the speed with which their innovations were changing our lives. When Apple took on the Federal Bureau of Investigation last year over access to a terrorist’s iPhone, many in tech sided with the company, but a majority of Americans thought Apple should give in. During the long presidential campaign, Mr. Trump said a lot of things that people in tech found ridiculous. He vowed to call on Bill Gates to help him shut down the parts of the internet that terrorists were using. He promised to force Apple to make iPhones in America. He suggested that The Washington Post was running critical stories about him because its owner, Jeff Bezos, was scared that Mr. Trump would pursue antitrust charges against Mr. Bezos’s main company, Amazon. Few in the tech industry supported Mr. Trump, but the industry’s antipathy seemed to matter little to the public. For years, most of the Frightful Five were given the benefit of the doubt as economic disrupters that were undercutting the cultural and economic power of the big industries that many people despised  —   entertainment giants, cable and phone companies, and the news media, among others. “During the periods where incumbents are battling disrupters, in general the U. S. has done a good job of encouraging disrupters,” said Julius Genachowski, the former chairman of the Federal Communications Commission who is now a partner at the Carlyle Group, a private equity firm. That describes the general direction of policy during the Obama administration. The tech giants were less giant for much of the Obama years, and various parts of the United States regulatory and legal infrastructure sought to protect and nurture them. During Mr. Genachowski’s term at the F. C. C. and then again during the term of his successor, Tom Wheeler, the commission passed rules favoring “network neutrality,” which declared that telecommunications companies could not favor some kinds of content online over others. It was a policy broadly favored by tech companies. But as Mr. Genachowski noted, as the disrupters grow, the dynamic often shifts. “The next part of the arc is that disrupters become very successful and in some ways turn into incumbents, and then you see two things  —   battles between incumbents and other incumbents, and a next generation of disrupters tackling incumbents,” he said. That’s where we are now. The Five have become incumbents themselves, and they are more likely to be treated as such by governments, who will look to both sides of the ledger  —   their benefits to society as well as their potential costs  —   when deciding how to police them. But there’s a twist: With the Five, unlike in previous eras of tech, it is not clear that there are many potential disrupters among today’s  . The battles for dominance in cloud services, artificial intelligence and data mining,   assistants,   cars, virtual reality and most every other Next Big Thing are being waged among the Five. That could likely raise the hackles of regulators and lawmakers even more and depending on your position on corporate power versus governmental power, things could be fabulous, or frightful."
52,17344,"Chinese City Official Shoots 2 Others and Kills Himself, State Media Says - The New York Times",New York Times,Chris Buckley and Adam Wu,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"BEIJING  —   A city official in southwest China unleashed a barrage of gunfire on the city’s mayor and Communist Party secretary during a meeting on Wednesday, injuring them before fleeing and killing himself, the official news media reported. Privately owned guns are rare in China, because of a virtual ban on civilian use, and grisly attacks on officials by colleagues are also uncommon. So rumors of the shooting in Panzhihua, an industrial city in Sichuan Province, rippled quickly across the Chinese internet even before the local authorities confirmed the news. Panzhihua was built as part of Mao’s plans to relocate factories deep inland, where they would be protected from a feared war. But the violence in this isolated site was nonetheless an embarrassing breach of the efforts by China’s president, Xi Jinping, to remake officialdom into a clean, impeccably disciplined bureaucracy. Details were sparse, and there were no clues to the gunman’s motives. But the brief initial report in the state media sketched a scene of the head of the Panzhihua Land and Resources Bureau, Chen Zhongshu, bursting into a meeting at an exhibition center and opening fire on officials there. “The gunman stormed into the meeting, fired repeatedly at the main leading comrades of the city party committee and government and then fled,” said an online report by Sichuan Daily, an official provincial newspaper, citing the Panzhihua government press office. The suspect in the shooting, Mr. Chen, was found dead in the exhibition center. He had taken his own life, the report said without giving details. The mayor, Li Jianqin, and party secretary, Zhang Yan, were wounded and sent to the hospital, but their injuries were not considered   the report said. Mr. Zhang, the party secretary, has worked in Panzhihua since 2006, and the mayor, Mr. Li, has worked there since last year, according to Chinese news reports. Both officials went to meetings and inspection visits with Mr. Chen previously, but there was nothing in the earlier reports to suggest that trouble had been brewing. Photographs on Chinese news websites showed armored vehicles and paramilitary troops massed outside the exhibition center in the aftermath of the violence."
53,17345,"Drop in Gang Violence Drove New York City Shootings Below 1,000 in 2016 - The New York Times",New York Times,Benjamin Mueller and Al Baker,2017-01-04,2017.0,1.0,,"A steep drop in gang violence last year drove shootings in New York City to the lowest number in at least a   Police Department data shows, a result of what police officials say has been a focus on gang takedowns and targeted arrests in some of the city’s roughest neighborhoods. The internal police data, obtained by The New York Times, paints a detailed portrait of the motives, locations and circumstances behind murders and shootings for the last two years.   shootings fell to 412 in 2016, from 560 the year before, according to the data, which tracked shootings and murders through Dec. 28 of each year.   killings dropped to 79 in 2016, from 129 in 2015. Those   helped push citywide shootings to a new low of 998 by year’s end, police officials said, down from 1, 138 in 2015. Murders also fell, to 335 from 352 the year before. The New York City police commissioner, James P. O’Neill, has noted the department’s efforts to push shootings below 1, 000 for the first time since at least the early 1990s, when the police began keeping similar records. Mr. O’Neill and Mayor Bill de Blasio were expected to discuss those efforts at a news conference in Brooklyn on Wednesday. Scores of gang takedowns this year, resulting in about 900 arrests, took violent people off the streets and made it more costly to engage in   crimes, police officials said. “Precision policing targets those people who are responsible for the violence, which in a significant amount of cases are gangs,” said Stephen P. Davis, the department’s chief spokesman. “By going after the gang members, arresting them, we recognize the resultant reduction in violence. ” Violent crime has been more persistent  in some communities, especially outside Manhattan. But the Police Department, in continuing to drive down crime even as it has pulled back from heavy   enforcement and aggressive tactics like    has shown the value of focusing resources on stopping serious crime, said David M. Kennedy, a professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice. “New York City, in many ways, convinced the rest of the country that things like zero tolerance were the way to make communities safe,” he said. “And now it’s showing the country that you absolutely do not need to do that, you should not do it, and there are much, much better and less damaging ways to work with communities to produce public safety. ” The reductions in New York stand in stark contrast to some other cities, most notably Chicago, which had a sharp increase in murders and shootings in 2016 and ended the year with 762 homicides. The New York Police Department data offers a rare glimpse into the more granular ways that the department’s Detective Bureau tracks and classifies crime, as well as the   tangle of reasons that people are shot and killed. Shootings and murders dropped across almost every category of motive last year. Murders in which drugs were the primary motive, for example, dropped to 29 in 2016, from 42 the year before. But domestic killings rose slightly, to 57 last year from 49 in 2015. Criminologists believe gang enforcement can result in arrests of people who are also domestic offenders, but they say that domestic violence remains more difficult to prevent, because it can escalate inside homes, without the police being notified. Mr. Kennedy said that efforts in smaller jurisdictions across the country to respond to the earliest signs of domestic violence and to punish repeat offenders were showing results, but that those strategies would be more difficult to replicate in a city the size of New York. Fewer people were murdered with guns in 2016, but the number of people killed by cutting rose to 73, from 50 the year before. Murders and shootings on the street, in public housing and in commercial locations all dropped last year through Dec. 28. Murders on playgrounds climbed to 12, from three the year before, and also rose in dwellings and in vehicles. More broadly, murders indoors ticked up by 19, while outdoor murders fell by 49. About a third of shootings and murders occurred between 10 p. m. and 2 a. m. and more than half happened between 6 p. m. and 2 a. m. The biggest share of murders were motivated by what the police call a “dispute. ” Of those, the largest share had to do with words that were exchanged, followed by disputes over a man or woman, over money, and over a previous history. Five murders in 2016 were deemed to be motivated by a stare or a disrespectful act, two by gambling and two by road rage. Just under a third of the shooting cases last year were closed with an arrest, and 22 percent of the cases were closed because the police had exhausted all leads. Forty percent of the murder cases were closed with an arrest, and eight others were termed an exceptional clearance, a category that would include cases in which the person suspected of being the killer was murdered before an arrest was made."
54,17346,How ‘Elites’ Became One of the Nastiest Epithets in American Politics - The New York Times,New York Times,Beverly Gage,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"Our new president is a    billionaire Ivy League graduate, a real estate tycoon, a TV star and a son of inherited wealth. But he is no longer, by his own calculations, a member of the “elite. ” Nor are the men (and the few women) now joining his inner circle  —     and corporate executives, Harvard and Yale alumni, Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and Goldman Sachs bankers. The true elite apparently sits elsewhere, among those who, in Sarah Palin’s notable 2008 formulation, think “that they’re  —   I guess  —   better than anyone else. ” As an adjective, the word “elite” still conveys something positive, even aspirational: elite athlete, elite model, elite travel services. But as a noun, embodied by actual living people, it has become one of the nastiest epithets in American politics. “Elites have taken all the upside for themselves and pushed the downside to the   and   Americans,” complains Trump’s adviser Steve Bannon (of Harvard, Goldman Sachs and Hollywood). In this formulation, elites are a destructive, condescending collective, plotting against the beleaguered masses outside their ranks. And in these attacks, the   and his team are deploying one of the most effective partisan political stereotypes of the modern age. For most of American history,   sentiment was a matter of up versus down, not left versus right. But about half a century ago, the conservative movement set out to claim   politics as its own. That meant redefining the term away from class and toward culture, where the “elite” could be identified by its liberal ideas, coastal real estate and highbrow consumer preferences. The   Club for Growth captured this type in a famous 2004 attack ad, instructing the Democrat Howard Dean to “take his           New York         freak show back to Vermont where it belongs. ” Trump adjusted the formula for the hot topics of the 2016 campaign. “I was on the right side of that issue, as you know, with the people,” he boasted after Brexit, adding that “Hillary, as always, stood with the elites. ” His complaints against “political correctness” conjure a world of absurdist campus politics, where overprivileged students squabble over gender pronouns and the fine points of racial victimization. “Media elites” come in for special attack, cordoned off in pens to be mocked and jeered at during rallies, labeled both liars and incompetents. But Trump has also ventured beyond mere   turning the 2016 election into a competition between knowledge systems: the      “people” versus the    “elites. ” His campaign insisted for months that pollsters and technocrats and media would be proven wrong by his electoral success. The fact that he did win dealt a blow to an entire worldview, one in which empirical inquiry and   were supposed to triumph in the end. The question, now, is whether it’s possible to run an executive branch based on hostility toward experts and professionals of all political stripes  —   and how many billionaires and Ivy Leaguers Trump can appoint before this rhetorical pose begins to break down altogether. The notion that distant elites might be conspiring against the people comes straight from the Founding Fathers, whose Declaration of Independence lamented the “long train of abuses and usurpations” inflicted upon ordinary Americans by an arrogant British king. From there on, United States history might be seen as a repeating cycle of   revolt. The Jacksonians rebelled against the Founders’ aristocratic pretensions. Northern “free labor” went to war against the oligarchical slavocracy. And the Populist revolts of the late 19th century adapted this story to modern capitalism, with farmers and laborers rebelling against robber barons, bankers,   experts and   professionals. The first historians to study those Populists described them as heroic crusaders, champions of the “people” against the “powers. ” But by the middle of the 20th century, alarmed by the rise of fascism and homegrown demagogues like Senator Joseph McCarthy, a new generation of scholars took a more anxious view of the   spirit. In his 1955 book “The Age of Reform,” Richard Hofstadter dismissed the Populists as   provincial   the latent fascists of their day. Eight years later, his “  in American Life” documented a dangerous suspicion of “the critical mind” that seemed to course through the national culture. From his perspective, the 1952 election captured everything wrong with American political life, with Dwight Eisenhower’s “philistinism” winning over Adlai Stevenson’s “intellect. ” Hofstadter did not usually describe his ideal intellectually minded citizens as members of an “elite. ” That word conveyed something different  —   a ruling class that held direct political and economic power. The most famous articulation of this view came from the sociologist C. Wright Mills, in his 1956 assessment of America’s “power elite. ” “They rule the big corporations,” Mills wrote. “They run the machinery of the state and claim its prerogatives. They direct the military establishment. ” In Mills’s view, these people were tied together not by culture or ideology but by their positions at the helms of large,    institutions. As individuals, they might be Republicans or Democrats, and might live in Ohio or California. The point was that they were in charge of things. But that vision never gained much traction in mainstream politics, where a more partisan, targeted definition was starting to emerge. William F. Buckley Jr. carved out some essentials in his first book, “God and Man at Yale,” drawing a neat distinction between respectable   men like himself and the socialistic eggheads of the professoriate. Ronald Reagan chose the term “elite” to bring it all together in his famed 1964 speech, “A Time for Choosing,” delivered on behalf of the Republican presidential candidate Barry Goldwater. “This is the issue of this election,” he said: “whether we believe in our capacity for   or whether we abandon the American Revolution and confess that a little intellectual elite in a   capitol can plan our lives for us better than we can plan them ourselves. ” Lyndon Johnson won that election in a blowout, but Reagan’s vision of a smug and detached liberal elite helped spark the oncoming “culture wars,” pitting a supposedly indignant Middle America against the liberal snobs of the coasts. By the 1990s, with the rise of   media stars like Rush Limbaugh and Bill O’Reilly, bashing the “liberal elite” had become a favorite blood sport of the American right. Despite all the abuse hurled their way, some “liberal elites” have accepted at least part of their detractors’ critique, particularly on the progressive left. It was during Bill Clinton’s presidency that the social critic Christopher Lasch published “The Revolt of the Elites and the Betrayal of Democracy,” which mourned that “   liberals” had turned into “petulant,   intolerant” scolds, thoroughly out of touch with the concerns of Middle America. Since then, the torch has passed to a younger generation of writers, including MSNBC’s Chris Hayes, whose 2012 “Twilight of the Elites” called for rethinking the entire ethos of liberal “meritocracy”  —   a system, he argued, that tends to fuel   and incompetence at the top while offering little but contempt and dim prospects for those at the bottom. So as 2017 begins, we find ourselves in a strange and uncertain political moment. Antipathy toward a wealthy, preening managerial class seems to be gaining popularity across the political spectrum  —   and, oddly, to have helped elect a wealthy, preening incoming president. Meanwhile, both liberal and conservative “elites” are scrambling to figure out what happens if the   continues to reject basic political norms and even routine intelligence briefings. Under a Trump presidency, such “elites” may have no choice but to attempt a radical redefinition of their role in American life. Otherwise, the man in the White House will do it for them."
55,17347,"10 Engaging Proposals, From the Rooftop to the Subway - The New York Times",New York Times,Vincent M. Mallozzi,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"“Will you marry me?” Hundreds of thousands of potential grooms and brides pop that question every year, and yet the logistics of delivering that momentous phrase  —   where to do it, when to do it and how much of a surprise should it be  —   remains among the most important decisions anyone planning on getting married has to make. Some of the couples whose wedding announcements were featured in the pages of The New York Times this past year, or whose weddings The Times learned about, got engaged in unusual spots  —   from a Manhattan rooftop to a subway construction site below the city’s streets  —   and one proposal even involved seeking advice from President Obama. And, of course, at least several can now be found on YouTube. Here are 10 of our most engaging stories of the year. Mr. Litman, who first began dating Ms. Michelis in the eighth grade at the Horace Mann School in the Riverdale section of the Bronx, proposed in November 2015 in Montauk, N. Y. the entire scene captured by a drone hovering above on an unusually warm   day at the beach. With waves rushing the shore and the Montauk Point Lighthouse in the distance, Ms. Michelis can be seen from a windblown aerial view playfully running beneath the drone before turning back to Mr. Litman. As she runs closer, he drops to his knee, engagement ring in hand. Momentarily shocked at the sight, she drops her purse as he asks her to marry him, and the two then fall into each other’s arms. “The first thing that came to my mind was, I can’t wait to show it to our kids,” Ms. Michelis said. They were married Oct. 8. The couple first met in fall 2011 while working on the digital team for Mr. Obama’s   campaign. After the president’s victory, Mr. Fallsgraff became the digital director of Organizing for Action, the nonprofit organization that manages the social media and digital accounts for Mr. Obama. In 2015, Mr. Fallsgraff and his team were filming a video with Mr. Obama at a hotel in Washington during the Organizing for Action Spring Organizing Summit. Knowing he was planning to leave in June, Mr. Fallsgraff took the opportunity to talk with the president, and told him that he was bent on proposing (which he would do three months later). “You got a rock picked out and all that?” he recalled Mr. Obama asking. Mr. Fallsgraff told him he had yet to get the ring and asked if the president had any advice. Mr. Obama suggested that Mr. Fallsgraff get help from someone Ms. Wilson trusted and who understood her taste. When Mr. Fallsgraff suggested that he was thinking of asking Ms. Wilson’s best friend, the president responded, “I think that’s the right strategy, but you’ve got to swear her to secrecy. ” The next time Mr. Fallsgraff saw Ms. Wilson’s best friend, he pulled her aside. “I told her I had a mission for her from the president of the United States,” he said. Mission accomplished. Mr. Fallsgraff and Ms. Wilson were married July 3. The couple, who met in June 2015 through a dating app called the League, went to Paris six months later for a New Year’s celebration. While at a restaurant there, Mr. Purcell ordered a bottle of Champagne for what he thought was 110 euros, the equivalent of about $119. But when the bill arrived after dinner, he realized he had mistakenly ordered a bottle of vintage Champagne  —   the 2003 Dom Pérignon Rosé  —   at a cost of 1, 100 euros, a total at the time of roughly $1, 195. In May, Mr. Purcell invited Ms. Bui to the rooftop of his apartment building in San Francisco to enjoy the unobstructed   view that included the Golden Gate Bridge. As they took in the view, Mr. Purcell surprised Ms. Bui by breaking out an expensive bottle of the same vintage Champagne he had mistakenly bought in Paris. It was all a part of a special occasion, he told her, and then he surprised her again, this time with an engagement ring. They were married Nov. 26. The couple, who met in 2007 while they were working for the New York City Department of City Planning, became engaged in May 2014, when Mr. Meagher proposed while they were on a tour of the construction site of the 86th Street station, part of the Second Avenue subway. The tour, conducted below street level, included residents who live near the new subway line as well as officials with the Metropolitan Transportation Authority. “We’re both passionate about cities and infrastructure,” Mr. Meagher said. And about each other, as the group learned when Mr. Meagher, wearing a hard hat and an orange safety vest, got down on one knee and asked Ms. Grossman, who was wearing the same gear, to marry him. Gasps, then applause, broke out among the tour group, as well as from the bride’s parents, who had also shown up for the occasion. They were married Jan. 9. The couple met in August 2014 during a performance of the Broadway musical “A Gentleman’s Guide to Love and Murder. ” Mr. Fogelman, who was there alone, tried to move to an empty seat next to Ms. Phillips to get a better view of the stage. “Not in the middle of a song,” said Ms. Phillips, who was there with a friend. Mr. Fogelman waited until after the song to switch seats, and at intermission, he apologized profusely to her for his poor theater etiquette. She forgave him, he sat down next to her, and they began talking. They were soon dating, and in August 2015, while sitting in those same seats, Mr. Fogelman turned to Ms. Phillips at intermission and proposed. “It turned out to be a wonderful   at the theater,” Ms. Phillips said, “one that I will never forget. ” They were married Sept. 4. Mr. Whelden, a plumber in Boston who sings with two professional   touring a cappella groups (Five O’Clock Shadow and Overboard) proposed during his performance at a New Year’s Eve concert in Rockport, Mass. The crowd roared when he sang “Fall in Love,” a song he wrote for his future bride that included the words “will you marry me. ” “It was the most amazing, romantic proposal I could’ve ever imagined,” Ms. Delaney said. They were married May 7. The couple, who were both living in Park Slope, Brooklyn, met through OkCupid in early 2011. They immediately became a couple. In July 2015, they moved into a   together in Bay Ridge. On their first day in the new place, Ms. Roth put in motion her proposal while Ms. Marini was at work. She was hiding when Ms. Marini returned, and watched her follow a path of lighted candles to a makeshift bed where Chinese food boxes had been placed across the floor, leading to a smaller box. (“Melina had always idealized the movie trope of people moving into a new apartment that’s not yet furnished, and having to eat Chinese food on the floor, ” Ms. Roth explained.) When Ms. Marini opened the smaller box, which contained an engagement ring, she started sobbing. Along with the ring was a note that said: “Will you marry me? Check yes or no. ” Ms. Marini checked “yes,” and she and Ms. Roth, who came out of hiding, cried in each other’s arms. “I’m not the type of person who wants to see ‘Will you marry me?’ splashed across a Jumbotron,” Ms. Marini said. “This was much more intimate to me, and much more meaningful. ” They were married Aug. 6. The couple met on March 11, 2005, while shooting pool in what Ms. Powell described as a dim, smoky bar on Avenue B in Manhattan. They shared several beers, then a single kiss outside the bar. Mr. Albertson, 23 at the time, was beyond taken with her, but Ms. Powell, then 20, was not quite ready for a serious relationship. They settled on becoming friends. Ms. Powell eventually married another man, and fell out of touch with Mr. Albertson. By May 2014, however, Ms. Powell was divorced and dating Mr. Albertson, often telling him that the word “marriage” now frightened her. On March 11, 2015, 10 years to the day they met, they were back on Avenue B and heading into that same dim, smoky bar when Ms. Powell looked down and saw a huge chalk mark indicating the spot where she had first kissed him. She turned to find him down on one knee, holding her engagement ring. “I was freaking out,” she said. “I just started crying and hugging him. ” He proposed but managed to avoid scaring her by leaving out the word “marriage. ” “I was wondering,” he said, “if you wanted to hang out with me forever. ” They were married March 11. Mr. Turke, who proposed in February, chose to give his future bride a full day of   bliss, rather than a single moment of happiness. An hour after he sneaked out of their apartment at 6 a. m. he called her with instructions to go into their kitchen, where she found a huge bouquet of white lilies with several notes that he had left for her, including one that read, “Today is the day that we get engaged,” and another that read, “Enjoy the moments ahead of you, have fun and say ‘yes. ’” What ensued was a dizzying series of events that first took Ms. Helmling to the NoMad Hotel in Manhattan, where she found her three best friends waiting at a breakfast table. A waiter then gave them a note with instructions to walk across the street to a spa, where they each enjoyed Champagne and a massage before being whisked away for manicures and pedicures. Later in the day, Ms. Helmling was chauffeured over the George Washington Bridge to a small park in New Jersey overlooking the Hudson River  —   the spot where Mr. Turke had first asked her out in September 2013. “When she arrived, we hugged and cried and she told me all about her day,” said Mr. Turke, who also presented a slide show that included every photo that had both of them in it, arranged in chronological order as a way of telling their story. Then he proposed, and Ms. Helmling cried some more. They were married Nov. 13. The couple met online in 2008. At the time, Mr. Stucky was living in Somerville, Mass. and going through a divorce. They were soon dating, but their relationship began to sputter. In the space of three years, each of them proposed to the other, and each was soundly rejected. In June 2014, Ms. Mathiowetz was partying with friends in New York when she consumed too many psychedelic mushrooms. The episode left her paralyzed for nearly six hours  —   and longing again for Mr. Stucky, whom she was no longer seeing. “I can’t believe I haven’t been telling you every day that I love you,” she called to tell him the moment she got back on her feet. Mr. Stucky was feeling much the same way, as he too had had a   experience, he said, a nightmare in which he was on his knees and looking up at a stranger who was telling him he had only 24 hours to live. Completely shaken, he awoke and began taking into account all the things in life that mattered most to him, and quickly realized that Ms. Mathiowetz was at the top of that list. Those shared experiences brought them back together, and in January 2015, Mr. Stucky proposed to Ms. Mathiowetz, for a second time, during a weekend trip at a    in Portsmouth, N. H. This time, she accepted. They were married June 11."
56,17348,"For a Mother With Big Dreams, Two Forbidden Words: ‘I Can’t’ - The New York Times",New York Times,John Grippe,2017-01-04,2017.0,1.0,,"Alicia Rivera, a    single mother with four children and big dreams, must budget her money and her time wisely. “I got my kids,” Ms. Rivera said. “I don’t want to waste my time. ” Ms. Rivera and her children  —   Joaquin, 17 Nelson, 16 Alyssa, 11 and Rafael, 2  —   live in a   apartment in the Bronx, near the southern tip of the Bronx River Parkway. The past few years have sometimes been overwhelming for her as she tries to raise her children by herself, get an education and lay the foundation for a professional career. When she was seven months pregnant with Rafael, Ms. Rivera injured her back while working as a home health aide. Soon after he was born, she switched to another job, helping   people navigate complicated real estate and tax forms and other paperwork. Ms. Rivera makes about $100 every week. She also receives $216 a month in Supplemental Security Income and $506 a month in food stamps. With a monthly rent of $308, she needs to keep a frugal budget. But Ms. Rivera has a plan. She is on track to receive an associate degree from Plaza College in April. Her goal is to then earn a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree, both in business, from Metropolitan College of New York. She dreams of opening a dance studio in the Bronx. Ms. Rivera grew up in the Bronx with a mother who could not afford to send her to dance classes. But she loved dancing in front of the family’s television as they watched the   variety show “Sábado Gigante. ” “And you see these kids dancing, and you see me dancing in the living room, too,” Ms. Rivera said. “I used to wear my mom’s makeup, her heels. ” Ms. Rivera passed on her love of dancing to her children, especially Joaquin, who leads a dance team at his school, the Knowledge and Power Preparatory Academy, near Fordham University in the Bronx. She watched him at a dance rehearsal at the school, and she said the students’ moves reminded her of the “Step Up” movie series. “Made me laugh, made me have a good time,” she said. “I felt like joining them,” she said, beaming. At times, Ms. Rivera has struggled to balance her obligations at home, school and work. As she devoted more time to her studies, her son Nelson, who attends the same academy as Joaquin, started having trouble at school. A counselor there contacted her, saying that Nelson did not want to go to class. The counselor referred her to the Family Assistance Program, which soon referred them to the Children’s Aid Society, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. At Children’s Aid, Ms. Rivera said, she learned how to improve her parenting. She said she used to get frustrated and yell at Nelson when he struggled to get up and get ready in the morning. A counselor told her that yelling at him was not going to solve the problem. Therapy sessions with the family also made it clear that her sons needed their own rooms. Ms. Rivera said she started to notice positive changes at home after several months of therapy. Her older sons now have their own rooms. Alyssa agreed to share a room with her mother and Rafael. Her elder sons are more focused now. Nelson comes to her with problems, not letting them linger, and they work them out together. Joaquin is starting to research colleges. The Children’s Aid Society also provided Ms. Rivera $413 in Neediest funds to replace her sons’ broken beds with new ones. Nelson and a friend put them together, she said. While still attending school, Nelson is taking some online courses, which cost $49 a month. Ms. Rivera wants to withdraw Nelson to take online classes full time so that she can monitor his schoolwork more carefully. In addition to opening a dance school, Ms. Rivera wants to start a business similar to her present workplace. While the family has learned to resolve problems, Ms. Rivera refuses to lower her expectations. She bristles when she hears her children or their friends say they cannot do something. “Don’t say, ‘I can’t,’” she said. “Joaquin never says, ‘I can’t,’ because he hears me. ” That is one way she lays the foundation for her children’s future. Ms. Rivera said Alyssa was struggling one day with homework. So she took time out of her own schoolwork, encouraged her daughter and patiently walked her through the steps of writing a   essay. “It took her three hours, and when she was done, I said, ‘You see? You could do it. ’”"
57,17349,Senate Republicans Open Fight Over Obama Health Law - The New York Times,New York Times,Thomas Kaplan and Glenn Thrush,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Congress opened for battle over the Affordable Care Act on Wednesday as Republicans pushed immediately forward to repeal the health care law and President Obama made a rare trip to Capitol Hill to defend it. The bitterness that has long marked the fight intensified as Republicans seized the opportunity to make good on a central campaign promise to get rid of the law, a pledge reinforced on Wednesday by Vice   Mike Pence, who met with House Republicans not far from where the president gathered with Democrats. The Affordable Care Act, Mr. Obama’s signature health care law, has created online insurance marketplaces, offered new protections to people seeking health insurance, and provided coverage to millions of people near the poverty line through expanded Medicaid. Health policy experts say that system could collapse if Republicans cut off funds for the expanded coverage and end penalties for people who go without health insurance. “The American people voted decisively for a better future for health care in this country,” Mr. Pence said, “and we are determined to give them that. ” He said that   Donald J. Trump would use his executive authority to help make the transition away from the health care law, but did not offer specifics. Democrats vowed aggressive resistance, however, and said they would not participate in drawing up a replacement for the law after the swift efforts to unravel it. Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the new Democratic leader, playing off Mr. Trump’s campaign slogan, said repealing the law would “make America sick again. ” Republicans are using a procedural approach that will allow them to repeal substantial parts of the health care law without Democrats’ being able to mount a filibuster in the Senate. By a vote of 51 to 48 on Wednesday, the Senate took the first step, agreeing to take up a budget resolution, or blueprint, that would clear the way for legislation repealing major provisions of the  law. But even as Republicans spoke of moving quickly to repeal the law, it remained far less clear how and when they would go about replacing it. Senate debate on the budget resolution is expected to continue for several days, and the House plans to take up the measure once the Senate has approved it. As Republicans charged ahead, both sides seemed cognizant of the possible fallout from unwinding the law, which has become deeply enmeshed with America’s health care system and has provided insurance for about 20 million people. Mr. Trump weighed in with several Twitter posts. He advised that Republicans needed to “be careful in that the Dems own the failed Obamacare disaster,” and added, “Don’t let the Schumer clowns out of this web. ” Mr. Trump predicted that the health care law would “fall of its own weight. ” Representative Chris Collins of New York, a Republican who is one of Mr. Trump’s top supporters in Congress and is part of his transition team, said it was important to be sure that Democrats bear responsibility for the failings of the health care law. Republicans point out that premiums have risen and that consumers in many places have fewer choices of insurers. “We have to make sure we keep reminding America, we are repealing it because it failed, we are repealing it because they all but demanded that we repeal it,” Mr. Collins said. “And that was a key piece of Donald Trump’s campaign. ” But as Republicans expressed eagerness to repeal the law, they acknowledged that replacing it would take more time. It is also unclear how insurance companies will react during this period and whether they will continue to offer the marketplace plans that millions of people have come to rely on. “There will naturally be a reasonable transition period,” said Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas. “You can’t adopt new reforms all at once. ” Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Senate Republican, noted that it had taken six years to get into “the ditch we find ourselves in now. ” “When your truck or car is in a ditch, the first thing you need to do is get out of the ditch,” Mr. Cornyn said. “And sometimes that takes a lot of hard work. ” To that, Senator Debbie Stabenow, Democrat of Michigan, parried that when a car goes into a ditch, “the first thing I don’t do is dismantle the car. ” “That doesn’t help me get anywhere in terms of transportation,” she said. Democrats signaled little interest in helping Republicans determine what to do after repealing major parts of the health care law. Mr. Schumer predicted that in a year, Republicans would “regret that they came out so fast out of the box. ” He said Democrats would consider working on a replacement only after Republicans presented their own plan. “If you are repealing, show us what you’ll replace it with first,” Mr. Schumer said. “Then we’ll look at what you have and see what we can do. ” Later, Mr. Schumer said of Mr. Trump, “It’s his and their responsibility, plain and simple  —   name calling isn’t going to get anything done. ” He added, “They really need to calm things down a little. ” Speaker Paul D. Ryan tried to offer assurance that no change in coverage would be abrupt. “The point is, in 2017, we don’t want people to be caught with nothing,” he said. “We want to make sure that there’s an orderly transition so that the rug is not pulled out from under the families who are currently struggling under Obamacare while we bring relief. ” Mr. Obama huddled with congressional Democrats for about 90 minutes in what was billed by the White House as a strategy session to forge a unified Democratic response to the Republicans’ rollback effort. In reality, the session was essentially a   party for a man who passed his signature legislative accomplishment under   majorities in Congress and a “pep rally” for Affordable Care Act defenders, in the words of an attendee, Representative Hank Johnson, Democrat of Georgia. The gathering, which could be Mr. Obama’s last trip to the halls of Congress that have been the site of alternating triumph and defeat, had a     air, with numerous Democratic lawmakers, including Mr. Johnson, sneaking out to attend to business more pressing than hearing the president’s words. Mr. Obama, for his part, did not ask his allies to block all efforts to alter the law, but warned Democrats against “rescuing” Republicans by defecting on votes that would dismantle it. The president provided an array of arguments for keeping the Affordable Care Act and offered a mild mea culpa for his shortcomings as a salesman over the years. Senator Jeff Merkley, Democrat of Oregon, said, “He acknowledged the failures in selling the law in its entirety to the American people. ”"
58,17350,The Parliamentary Tactic That Could Obliterate Obamacare - The New York Times,New York Times,Robert Pear,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Republicans hope to repeal major parts of the Affordable Care Act using an expedited procedure known as budget reconciliation. The process is sometimes called arcane, but it has been used often in the past 35 years to write some of the nation’s most important laws. “Reconciliation is probably the most potent budget enforcement tool available to Congress for a large portion of the budget,” the Congressional Research Service, a nonpartisan arm of Congress, has said. Here is a primer. Q. What is the budget reconciliation process? A. It is a way for Congress to speed action on legislation that changes taxes or spending, especially spending for entitlement programs like Medicare and Medicaid. Although conceived primarily as a way to reduce federal budget deficits, it has also been used to cut taxes and to create programs that increase spending  —   changes that can raise deficits. In the Senate, a reconciliation bill can ordinarily be passed with a simple majority. For other bills, a   majority is often needed to limit debate and move to a final vote. Q. Why is it called reconciliation? A. The term originated in the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974, which was intended to give Congress more control over the budget process by allowing lawmakers to set overall levels of spending and revenue. The process begins with a budget blueprint, a resolution that guides Congress but is not presented to the president for a signature or veto. It recommends federal revenue, deficit, debt and spending levels in areas like defense, energy, education and health care. The resolution may direct one or more committees to develop legislation to achieve specified budgetary results. By adopting these proposals, Congress can change existing laws so that actual revenue and spending are brought into line with  —   reconciled with  —   policies in the budget resolution. Q. How has reconciliation been used? A. Since 1980, Congress has completed action on 24 budget reconciliation bills. Twenty became law. Four were vetoed. The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981 was a vehicle for much of the “Reagan revolution. ” It squeezed savings out of Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, food stamps, the school lunch program, farm subsidies, student loans, welfare and jobless benefits, among many other programs. In 1996, Congress reversed six decades of social welfare policy, eliminating the individual entitlement to cash assistance for the nation’s poorest children and giving each state a lump sum of federal money with vast discretion over its use. Those changes were made in a reconciliation bill, pushed by Republicans but signed by President Bill Clinton. Congress reduced deficits with another reconciliation bill, the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. That law also created the Children’s Health Insurance Program, primarily for uninsured children in   families. On the same day in 1997, Mr. Clinton signed a separate reconciliation bill that cut taxes. The Bush tax cuts were adopted in reconciliation bills signed by President George W. Bush in 2001 and 2003. On several occasions, Congress has increased assistance to   working families by increasing the   tax credit in reconciliation bills. Congress also made changes to the Affordable Care Act in a reconciliation bill passed immediately after President Obama signed the health care overhaul in 2010. Later, when Republicans controlled both houses of Congress, they passed a reconciliation bill to eviscerate the Affordable Care Act, but Mr. Obama vetoed the bill in January 2016. Republicans say that measure will provide a template or starting point for their efforts to undo the health care law this year, with support from   Donald J. Trump, who calls the law “an absolute disaster. ” Q. How does the reconciliation process work in the Senate? A. In the House, leaders of the majority party can usually control what happens if their members stick together. In the Senate, by contrast, one member or a handful of senators can often derail the leaders’ plans. The reconciliation process enhances the power of the majority party and its leaders. Senate debate on a reconciliation bill is normally limited to 20 hours, so it cannot be filibustered on the Senate floor. The Senate has a special rule to prevent abuse of the budget reconciliation process. The rule, named for former Senator Robert C. Byrd, Democrat of West Virginia, generally bars use of the procedure to consider legislation that has no effect on spending, taxes and deficits. The Senate parliamentarian normally decides whether particular provisions violate the Byrd rule, but the Senate can waive the rule with a   majority. Q. What does this mean for the Affordable Care Act? A. Republicans hope to use the   procedure of budget reconciliation to repeal or nullify provisions of the law that affect spending and taxes. They could, for example, eliminate penalties imposed on people who go without insurance and on larger employers who do not offer coverage to employees. They could use a reconciliation bill to eliminate tens of billions of dollars provided each year to states that have expanded eligibility for Medicaid. And they could use it to repeal subsidies for private health insurance coverage obtained through the public marketplaces known as exchanges. Republicans could also repeal a number of taxes and fees imposed on certain   people and on health insurers and manufacturers of   prescription drugs and medical devices: tax increases that help offset the cost of the insurance coverage expansions. Those provisions were all rolled back in the reconciliation bill Mr. Obama vetoed last January. That bill did not touch insurance market standards established in the Affordable Care Act, which do not directly cost the government money or raise taxes. The standards stipulate, for example, that insurers cannot deny coverage or charge higher premiums because of a person’s   conditions. Insurers must allow parents to keep children on their policies until the age of 26, and they cannot charge women higher rates than men, as they often did in the past. Such provisions are politically popular, but it is not clear how they could remain in force without the coverage expansions that help insurers afford such regulations. Without an effective requirement for people to carry insurance, and without subsidies, supporters of the health law say many healthy people would go without coverage, knowing they could obtain it if they became ill and needed it. Democrats say they will fight to preserve the law after Mr. Obama leaves office. Recent history shows that lobbying and public pressure can sometimes make a difference, altering the votes of individual lawmakers and changing the contents of a reconciliation bill."
59,17352,"In Republicans’ Ethics Office Gambit, a Spectacle of Tweets and Retreats - The New York Times",New York Times,Carl Hulse,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Majorities in Congress often overreach, but usually not on the very first day. House Republicans, on the verge of a Washington takeover as the new Congress convened Tuesday, couldn’t stop themselves from trying to dilute the power of a despised ethics watchdog as their first order of business. In the process, they created an unsightly spectacle that pretty much ruined an   celebration of unified Republican government, undermined their own leadership and perhaps foretold the shape of things to come. House Republicans take a stand on a contentious issue, Donald J. Trump turns to Twitter to break with House Republicans, then Republicans frantically reverse course. “Mr. Trump campaigned that he was going to drain the swamp, and here we are on Day 1 trying to fill the swamp,” Representative Walter B. Jones, Republican of North Carolina, said after he and his colleagues hurriedly jettisoned a plan seen as a brazen attempt to weaken an independent ethics office that some felt had been unfair to lawmakers. “That is not a good way to start. ” Deluged by angry phone calls and bad headlines, chagrined Republican officials say they were well on their way to abandoning the ethics revisions adopted Monday night in a   party meeting before Mr. Trump weighed in via Twitter and suggested that the overhaul shouldn’t be a top priority, urging Republicans to focus instead on taxes and health care. But the final decision did come after the  ’s Twitter posts, underscoring his sway over House Republicans who had moved ahead despite objections and warnings about the optics of the change from Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the majority leader. House Republicans might have amusedly applauded Mr. Trump’s cutting tweets when they were aimed at the news media and other common foes, but they found them measurably less funny when the criticisms were directed their way, raising alarms among Republicans about his power to corral them via social media. Following the decision to reverse course, several lawmakers were quietly fretting that Mr. Trump’s megaphone was much more powerful than they had realized. Other Republicans both on and off Capitol Hill were wondering how the   proposal got as far as it did, given the stated reservations of Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCarthy among others. They said it did not bode well that the rank and file was so willing to ignore leadership on such a potentially critical matter, demonstrating once again how hard it can be to manage the House Republicans even when the party is set to control both Capitol Hill and the White House. Mr. Ryan had already headed off an earlier rules change that was deemed potentially embarrassing: a proposal to let lawmakers resume funding of pet projects through designated “earmarks” as long as the money went to public entities. Abuse of earmarks was one of the main sources of congressional corruption that led to tighter ethics rules and a ban on such spending, and Mr. Ryan and his allies believed that a quick move to restore them so soon after Mr. Trump’s election would not send the proper signal. But Mr. Ryan has promised to revisit both the earmark issue and the revisions to the Office of Congressional Ethics later this year. The ethics office was created in 2008 at the urging of Representative Nancy Pelosi, the California Democrat who was then the House speaker. This was in response to criticism that the Select Committee on Ethics, comprising lawmakers from both parties, was ineffective, given a string of   corruption cases and other breakdowns such as a scandal involving teenage House pages. Lawmakers from both parties were against the office then, as well as now, and would much prefer to be judged by their peers  —   politicians currently serving in the House who might be more sympathetic  —   as opposed to a more discrete board and staff. But in moving ahead with the rules change on a strictly partisan basis, Republicans opened the door to Democrats berating them for the proposal, even though a significant number of Democrats are just as unhappy with the ethics office. It was similar to a move House Republicans made in 2005 when they used the   rules package to weaken the ethics committee itself after a series of rebukes against Tom DeLay, the majority leader. That decision sparked an outcry from Democrats and watchdog groups that helped Democrats regain the majority the next year with a message that Republicans were fostering a culture of corruption. “I think it is always better to do changes to the ethics process in a bipartisan manner,” said John Feehery, a former top Republican aide in the House. “It protects you from political attacks. ” The tussle over the ethics office is just one illustration of how Mr. Trump and his outsider ideas could clash with his own party in Congress. Mr. Trump has vowed to move forward with a proposal to impose term limits on Congress, and many in the party are not happy with that idea. Other sources of friction are bound to emerge, given his campaign message about shaking up Washington. “I just could not believe that the Congress does not understand that, if anything, we need to bring sunshine in,” Mr. Jones said. House Republicans may understand that idea a little bit better now."
60,17353,Ivanka Trump’s New Washington Home Once Belonged to a Putin Foe - The New York Times,New York Times,Julie Hirschfeld Davis,2017-01-23,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Ivanka Trump, who is weighing a prominent role in her father’s administration, is planning to move with her family to a mansion in the exclusive Kalorama section of Washington, two people familiar with the decision said Wednesday. The house was previously owned by a   financier with extensive investments in Russia and ties to a Russian opposition leader. Ms. Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, a close adviser to   Donald J. Trump who is expected to be an influential voice in the administration, have chosen a      house just around the corner from President Obama’s new home. The newly renovated house, with its sleekly modern décor, sold for $5. 5 million in December, the people said, insisting on anonymity because the transaction was private. The home was previously owned by Dan K. Rapoport and his wife, Irina, according to property records filed with the District of Columbia. Neither responded to emailed requests for comment. Ms. Trump’s relocation plans, first reported by Washingtonian magazine, are the latest evidence that she and Mr. Kushner will remain major players in Mr. Trump’s administration. Both played crucial roles in his presidential bid and have wielded outsize power during his transition. People close to the couple declined to comment on their impending move, as did William F. X. Moody, a   at Washington Fine Properties, who first disclosed the deal. But in the neighborhood where they are planning to live  —     of ambassadors and prominent figures on the Washington social circuit  —   residents have been buzzing about their    neighbors. “Everybody’s atwitter about it,” said Tony Podesta, chairman of the Podesta Group, a top Washington lobbying firm. “I’ve been getting lots of emails saying, ‘Here we go again,’ ” Mr. Podesta said, alluding to the burst of local mayhem that attended the decision by Mr. Obama and his family to rent a   home in the neighborhood after they leave the White House. “It will be great to have them as neighbors,” Mr. Podesta said of Ms. Trump and Mr. Kushner, who have three children. The white house on Tracy Place where Ms. Trump and Mr. Kushner plan to live with their children is just around the corner from the Obamas’ luxurious   home on Belmont Road, which has been undergoing extensive renovations directed by the Secret Service to fortify it for their arrival. A security checkpoint is expected to be built at the intersection of Tracy and Belmont before Mr. Obama moves in, residents said. There was no sign of Ms. Trump or her husband at the house on Wednesday afternoon. But the property was a flurry of activity, as workers and painters filed in and out past television reporters staked out on the sidewalk and   speculated about their new neighbors. John Damgard, who has owned a house on the block since 1971, said his new neighbors could expect to be welcomed “with open arms,” even by the neighborhood’s Democrats. “It’s quiet, it’s private, and they’ll be graciously received,” Mr. Damgard said. The house was home for several decades to Renee Zlotnick Kraft, a Washington fur heiress and socialite, who frequently opened its doors for events and even occasionally rolled out a pink carpet to welcome the city’s dinner party set. According to the website of his investment firm, Rapoport Capital, Mr. Rapoport was born in Riga, Latvia, and has lived in the United States, France and Russia. Vladimir Ashurkov, a top aide to Aleksei A. Navalny, a leading Russian opposition leader and critic of the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, described Mr. Rapoport as a successful financier in Moscow and an investor in Soho Rooms, one of the city’s poshest nightclubs. He has also been a supporter of Mr. Navalny since 2010. He recently relocated from Washington to Kiev, Ukraine, where he manages a private equity fund, Mr. Ashurkov said. It was not clear whether Ms. Trump and Mr. Kushner bought the house from the Rapoports or would be renting it from a new owner. But after scouting locations in other exclusive neighborhoods, including nearby Georgetown, the couple settled on a home less than two miles from the White House."
61,17354,Donald Trump Nominates Wall Street Lawyer to Head S.E.C. - The New York Times,New York Times,Leslie Picker,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"The Wall Street lawyer Walter J. Clayton does not travel in political circles, nor is he well known in corporate America. He is the insider’s insider  —   a deal maker. As such, his nomination to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission is a strong signal that financial regulation in the Trump administration will emphasize helping companies raise capital in the public markets over tightening regulation. In contrast, the agency’s two chairwomen under President Obama had regulatory or enforcement backgrounds. Mr. Clayton, known as Jay, has spent nearly his entire career in corporate boardrooms. His regulatory experience stems from advising banks on dealings with the government and helping several financial institutions with their settlements related to mortgage securities. He had a   seat to the financial crisis, advising Barclays Capital in buying the assets of the bankrupt Lehman Brothers in 2008 and Bear Stearns in its fire sale to JPMorgan Chase in 2007. He has advised on mergers and initial public offerings, including the biggest ever, the $25 billion offering by Alibaba Group of China in 2013. If Mr. Clayton is confirmed, he may have to recuse himself from some matters. A similar scrutiny was applied to Mary Jo White, the agency’s current chairwoman. She had been a litigator at Debevoise  Plimpton, where her clients included JPMorgan Chase, Rupert Murdoch’s News Corporation and Kenneth D. Lewis, a former Bank of America chief executive. Still, such recusals are not unusual. Laura S. Unger, a former commissioner and acting chairwoman, said that during her tenure, she had to recuse herself from a number of matters before the commission. She said the process of deciding when to recuse oneself often took place in consultation with the commission’s ethics officer. “An ethics officer at the S. E. C. knows all of your intimate details, and the ethics officer flags for you what may be potential conflicts,” she noted. Yet Mr. Clayton’s nomination will be sure to fuel criticism that Goldman Sachs could wield too much influence in the Trump administration. Sullivan  Cromwell, where Mr. Clayton is a partner, has been Goldman’s   law firm for more than a century. Mr. Clayton advised Goldman Sachs on perhaps its most important deal, the $5 billion investment by Warren E. Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway amid the financial crisis. Mr. Clayton’s wife works as a   adviser at Goldman. The S. E. C. nomination follows the appointment of Goldman’s No. 2 executive, Gary D. Cohn, to be the top economic policy adviser to   Donald J. Trump, and the selection of a hedge fund manager who was a former Goldman trader, Steven T. Mnuchin, to be Treasury secretary. Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, is a former Goldman banker. During the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump had repeatedly criticized Goldman Sachs as an emblem of a financial elite. Mr. Trump, who met with Mr. Clayton on Dec. 22, said in a statement that the lawyer “will ensure our financial institutions can thrive and create jobs while playing by the rules at the same time. ” Mr. Clayton is expected to face scrutiny on his confirmation as a Sullivan  Cromwell colleague, H. Rodgin Cohen, did in 2009. Mr. Cohen, the dean of Wall Street lawyers, withdrew his name from consideration for a senior Treasury role amid an outcry over his deep involvement in nearly all the bank deals struck during the financial crisis. “It’s hard to see how an attorney who spent his career helping Wall Street beat the rap will keep   Trump’s promise to stop big banks and hedge funds from ‘getting away with murder,’” Senator Sherrod Brown, Democrat of Ohio, said. “I look forward to hearing how Mr. Clayton will protect retirees and savers from being exploited, demand real accountability from financial institutions the S. E. C. oversees and work to prevent another financial crisis. ” One issue could be Mr. Clayton’s representation of Alibaba. The Chinese   giant is under investigation by the S. E. C. over its accounting practices. Mr. Clayton also represented   Capital Management in its $1. 2 billion initial public offering a decade ago, and subsequent offerings and financing. A unit of the New   hedge fund pleaded guilty for what federal prosecutors said were more than $100 million in bribes paid to officials in African countries. The hedge fund was forced to pay a $400 million settlement. Government authorities said in September that they were still investigating individuals related to case. Another issue could be a 2011 report critical of the government’s enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which argued that “the current   regime” was “causing lasting harm to the competitiveness of U. S. regulated companies and the U. S. capital markets. ” Mr. Clayton was the chairman of the New York City bar association committee that drafted the report. Requests to speak with Mr. Clayton at Sullivan  Cromwell were not answered. A number of fellow deal lawyers said they were glad that the    practitioner could be at the helm of the S. E. C. “He’s a very smart, pragmatic guy who has real deal experience and has seen this stuff firsthand,” said Richard Truesdell, a head of Davis Polk’s global capital markets group, who has worked with Mr. Clayton on several deals. “There’s been a lot of buzz today, and I have yet to talk to anyone who isn’t pleasantly surprised by the choice. ” The role of the Securities and Exchange Commission is to protect investors and enable companies to raise capital through the public markets in a way that fosters economic growth. The latter is a key tenet of Mr. Trump’s economic plan, with the aim that companies can use the excess capital to create jobs. Harvey Pitt, a former chairman of the S. E. C. appointed by President George W. Bush, said Mr. Clayton was a “  appointment. ” “It is especially logical with respect to the agency’s obligation to promote capital formation, a subject with which the incoming administration is appropriately concerned,” said Mr. Pitt in an email. “Mr. Clayton’s background is very impressive  —   both for the depth of his experience, and for the quality of his efforts. ” Mr. Clayton went to the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Cambridge for separate bachelor’s degrees and then obtained his law degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School. Mr. Clayton donated to Mitt Romney and Mr. Obama in previous presidential elections and to Jeb Bush’s primary campaign in 2015, according to public records. Those who know Mr. Clayton describe him as the     type, a doer who is often in the shadows of the better known Mr. Cohen at Sullivan  Cromwell. “When I think about the position, the guy has a really deep understanding of the capital markets and financial regulatory matters, so he checks those boxes,” said Brad Whitman, vice chairman in mergers and acquisitions at Morgan Stanley, who has worked with Mr. Clayton over many years. “He’s got a great appreciation for what drives business and growth. ”"
62,17355,"Dylann Roof, Addressing Court, Offers No Apology or Explanation for Massacre - The New York Times",New York Times,Alan Blinder and Kevin Sack,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"CHARLESTON, S. C.  —   Seeming to abdicate one of his last chances to save his own life, the convicted killer Dylann S. Roof stood on Wednesday before the jurors who will decide his fate and offered no apology, no explanation and no remorse for massacring nine black churchgoers during a Bible study session in June 2015. Instead, in a strikingly brief opening statement in the sentencing phase of his federal death penalty trial, Mr. Roof repeatedly assured the jury that he was not mentally ill  —   undercutting one of the few mitigating factors that could work in his favor  —   and left it at that. “Other than the fact that I trust people that I shouldn’t and the fact that I’m probably better at constantly embarrassing myself than anyone who’s ever existed, there’s nothing wrong with me psychologically,” Mr. Roof, who is representing himself, told the jury, which found him guilty last month of the killings at Charleston’s Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church. Three minutes after walking to the lectern, Mr. Roof returned to the defense table, exhaling deeply. Any prospects for mercy by the jury had perhaps already been drained by the prosecution’s disclosure, in its opening statement, of a white supremacist manifesto written by Mr. Roof in the Charleston County jail sometime in the six weeks after his arrest. “I would like to make it crystal clear I do not regret what I did,” he wrote in his distinctive scrawl. “I am not sorry. I have not shed a tear for the innocent people I killed. ” Mr. Roof, who was then 21, continued: “I do feel sorry for the innocent white children forced to live in this sick country and I do feel sorry for the innocent white people that are killed daily at the hands of the lower race. I have shed a tear of   for myself. I feel pity that I had to do what I did in the first place. I feel pity that I had to give up my life because of a situation that should never have existed. ” As the government laid out its case for a death sentence, the prosecutor who read from the journal, Nathan S. Williams, an assistant United States attorney, told the jury of 10 women and two men that Mr. Roof’s deadly rampage was a premeditated act that had devastated the families of his victims. “The defendant didn’t stop after shooting one person or two or four or five he killed nine people,” Mr. Williams said, a few moments before he declared, “The death penalty is justified. ” Later, aided by a slide show, he described each of the victims and their lives, setting the stage for several days of   testimony by family members and friends of the victims. Mr. Williams emphasized that Mr. Roof was capable of remorse and regret, reminding jurors that he had left his mother a note of apology, but only for the pain he knew his actions would cause his own family. The presentations were a startling beginning to the trial’s sentencing phase, which is expected to run into next week in Federal District Court. On Dec. 15, after six days of testimony in which defense lawyers did not contest his guilt, the jury found Mr. Roof guilty of 33 counts, including hate crimes, obstruction of religion resulting in death, and firearms charges. Eighteen of those counts require the jury to decide whether to sentence Mr. Roof, now 22, to death or life in prison without the possibility of parole. To impose a death sentence, jurors must unanimously find that aggravating factors like premeditation and the number and vulnerability of the victims outweigh any mitigating factors, like the absence of prior violent behavior and demonstrations of redemption and remorse. Mr. Roof is also facing a death penalty trial in state court. Although many people in the courtroom had already heard Mr. Roof’s flat,   monotone during the guilt phase, when prosecutors played a video recording of his   confession to F. B. I. agents, his statement on Wednesday was his first to the jury. Mr. Roof chose to allow his   legal team to represent him during the guilt phase, but sidelined them during the penalty proceedings to prevent them from introducing any evidence regarding his family background or mental capacity. “The point is that I’m not going to lie to you, not by myself or through somebody else,” Mr. Roof told the jury. As his paternal grandparents watched from the second row on the left side of the courtroom, several women on the right side, which is reserved for victims’ family members, left their seats, one of them muttering curses. Mr. Roof has said he does not plan to call witnesses or present evidence on his behalf, and he did not   any of the prosecution’s witnesses on Wednesday. His approach stands in sharp contrast to the strategy of Justice Department lawyers, who have said they may call more than 30 witnesses, including at least one survivor of the attack, family members of the victims and federal law enforcement officials. Prosecutors began Wednesday with the widow of the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney, the church’s slain pastor, and his two best friends. Jennifer Benjamin Pinckney, who was married to Mr. Pinckney for 15 years, narrated an affectionate and often lighthearted telling of their life together, illustrated by dozens of photographs of her husband  —   as a young saxophone player in a school band, attending the births of their two daughters, vacationing on Caribbean cruises and on a trip to Seattle. She described him as a   preacher who extended his ministry as “a voice for the voiceless” to his work in the South Carolina Legislature, where he served first in the House and then the Senate. Often exhausted by his dual roles, he was depicted in several pictures as having fallen asleep in the back seat of the family car and on a couch while reading to his daughters. “He was the person that I think every mom would be happy that her daughter would marry,” Ms. Pinckney, a school librarian, said. “He was that great catch. ” Ms. Pinckney also described her terror on the night of June 17, 2015, as she and the couple’s younger daughter, Malana, then 6, listened to the gunfire from their hiding place beneath a desk in her husband’s study. As her husband and the others were gunned down in the adjacent church fellowship hall, Ms. Pinckney struggled to keep her daughter quiet and still. “I was just like, ‘Shh, shh, shh,’ ” Ms. Pinckney said, “and I put my hand over her mouth, and she was holding on to me, and she put her hand on my mouth. ” “Mama, is Daddy going to die?” her daughter asked, Ms. Pinckney said. She said the hardest thing she had ever done was telling her two daughters early the next morning that their father had been killed. Ms. Pinckney said she had heard Mr. Roof try to open the door to the study, which she had locked when the shooting began. Another assistant United States attorney, Julius N. Richardson, asked why she thought she had been spared. “It wasn’t my time,” Ms. Pinckney answered. “I couldn’t see God taking both parents away from two small kids. ” The Rev. Kylon Middleton, an A. M. E. minister who had known Mr. Pinckney from childhood, described his lifelong friend as immensely precocious (he began preaching at 13) and strategically ambitious (he aspired to be both a bishop and, perhaps, the state’s first   governor). In addition to Mr. Pinckney, the victims were the Rev. DePayne Middleton Doctor, 49 Cynthia Hurd, 54 Susie Jackson, 87 Ethel Lee Lance, 70 Tywanza Sanders, 26 the Rev. Daniel Lee Simmons Sr. 74 the Rev. Sharonda   45 and Myra Thompson, 59. Near the end of the day, Ms. Thompson’s widower, the Rev. Anthony B. Thompson, the vicar of a Reformed Episcopal Church here, told jurors about their   marriage, their anniversary date to a beach, his wife’s determined demeanor and her commitment to the historic congregation. In testimony that was mixed with laughter and tears, Mr. Thompson recounted their final day together as she prepared for the evening study of the Gospel of Mark. “She had her glow,” he said. “I mean, this smile on her face. She was radiant. I just kept looking at her. ” Word of a shooting came hours later, and Mr. Thompson rushed to the church. He demanded to know whether she had been injured or killed. He eventually found out. “My whole world was gone,” he said. “I literally did not know what to do. Everything I did was for her, and she was gone. What am I here for? If she’s gone, what am I here for?”"
63,17356,"In Turkey, U.S. Hand Is Seen in Nearly Every Crisis - The New York Times",New York Times,Tim Arango,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"ISTANBUL  —   Turkish officials accused the United States of abetting a failed coup last summer. When the Russian ambassador to Turkey was assassinated last month, the Turkish press said the United States was behind the attack. And once again, after a gunman walked into an Istanbul nightclub early on New Year’s Day and killed dozens, the   news media pointed a finger at the United States. “America Chief Suspect,” one headline blared after the attack. On Twitter, a Turkish lawmaker, referring to the name of the nightclub, wrote: “Whoever the triggerman is, Reina attack is an act of CIA. Period. ” Turkey has been confronted with a cascade of crises that seem to have only accelerated as the Syrian civil war has spilled across the border. But the events have not pushed Turkey closer to its NATO allies. Conversely, they have drifted further apart as the nation lashes out at Washington and moves closer to Moscow, working with the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, to secure a   in Syria. One story in the Turkish press, based on a routine travel warning issued by the American Embassy in Turkey, was that the United States had advance knowledge of the nightclub attack, which the Islamic State later claimed responsibility for. Another suggested that stun grenades used by the gunman had come from stocks held by the American military. Still another claimed the assault was a plot by the United States to sow divisions in Turkey between the secular and the religious. Rather than bringing the United States and Turkey together in the common fight against terrorism, the nightclub attack, even with the gunman still on the run, appears to have only accelerated Turkey’s shift away from the West, at a time when its democracy is eroding amid a growing crackdown on civil society. All of this is a reflection, many critics say, of what they call the paranoia and authoritarianism of Turkey’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, whose leadership has so deeply divided the country that, instead of unifying to confront terrorism, Turkish society is fracturing further with each attack. The West, symbolized by the United States, is the perennial bogeyman. While seeming to pile on the Obama administration in its waning days  —   by accusing it of supporting Turkey’s enemies, including the Islamic State Kurdish militants and supporters of an exiled Muslim cleric, Fethullah Gulen, whom Mr. Erdogan blamed for directing the coup  —   Turkish officials are also telegraphing something else: that they are willing to open the door and improve relations with the United States once   Donald J. Trump takes office. “Our expectation from the new administration is to end this shame,” Turkey’s prime minister, Binali Yildirim, said this week while accusing the United States of providing weapons to Kurdish militants in Syria who are fighting the Islamic State, but are also an enemy of Turkey. “We are not holding the new administration responsible for this,” Mr. Yildirim said. “Because this is the work of the Obama administration. ” Meanwhile, the nightclub assailant is on the loose. The Turkish authorities said on Wednesday that they had identified the killer, but refused to release any other details, although photographs of the man, from surveillance cameras, have been released. Also, a video surfaced that appeared to show the assailant recording himself in Istanbul’s Taksim Square. A senior United States official, who has been briefed on the investigation and spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential details, said the Turks had recovered the video from a raid on a house in Istanbul. The official said the Turks now believed the killer was from Uzbekistan, not Kyrgyzstan, as many reports this week had first suggested. The official expressed alarm at the growing   in Turkey, which seems to accumulate after each crisis here, and said it put the lives of Americans in the country in jeopardy. The chaotic investigation has added to the anxiety on Istanbul’s streets, with vehicle checkpoints, night raids on houses and   helicopters. “There is significant fear in ordinary people,” said Aydin Engin, a columnist at the daily newspaper Cumhuriyet, who was detained last year as part of the government’s crackdown on the news media. “Fear prevails when it comes to going to an entertainment place, being in a crowd, going to a shopping mall, getting on the metro. ” With each passing day, public life descends deeper into what many Turks concede is a mix of darkness and seeming absurdity, with growing fears of violence and expressions of xenophobia set next to repressions on civic life. In the days before and after the nightclub massacre on the shores of the Bosporus, nationalists staged a mock execution of Santa Claus in the name of defending Islam a reporter for The Wall Street Journal was detained,   and placed in solitary confinement  —   for, according to the newspaper’s account, “violating a government ban on publication of images from an Islamic State video” and a   fashion designer was beaten up at the Istanbul airport and arrested for his social media posts. “In a way, it’s basically a breakdown of order,” said Soli Ozel, a Turkish columnist and academic, seeking to explain the tumult in society. “Everyone feels entitled to do whatever they want to do and how they want to do it. ” Tugrul Eryilmaz, another longtime Turkish journalist, recalled the country’s military coup in 1980 and the crackdown on civil society that followed, and said, “I have never been in such a situation like today. ” He brought up the Spanish filmmaker Luis Buñuel, who was known for surreal and absurd themes. “I feel like I am in his movies,” he said. While Turkey faces a growing terrorism threat, the country is also largely at war with itself, with deep divisions along many lines  —   religion, class, ethnicity  —   that make unity difficult even in a time of crisis. Perhaps the greatest source of division is between supporters of Mr. Erdogan, about half the country, and opponents who assert that he has become too powerful. “Turkey is so deeply polarized around the powerful persona of Erdogan that, instead of asking why terror attacks are happening and how they can be stopped, the   and   blocks in the country are blaming each other,” said Soner Cagaptay, a specialist on Turkey at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. “This is why I am deeply worried about Turkey and the country’s ability to stymie further terror attacks. ” Parliament voted overnight to extend by three months the state of emergency that went into effect last summer after the failed coup. The emergency grants Mr. Erdogan’s government extraordinary powers to detain perceived opponents and hold them in pretrial detention. Tens of thousands of people have either been arrested or been purged from their jobs, on suspicion of having links to Mr. Gulen, who now lives in Pennsylvania. Mr. Erdogan on Wednesday made his first public remarks since the attack on Sunday morning, a striking period of silence for a man who is normally ubiquitous in the public sphere, often giving speeches daily. Mr. Erdogan, an Islamist, rejected criticism that his government, in pushing an Islamist agenda, had deepened divisions between the secular and the pious. Many on social media, in the aftermath of the nightclub attack, noted that the Turkish government’s religious authorities had denounced New Year’s celebrations as  . “As the president of all 79 million citizens,” Mr. Erdogan said, “it is my duty to protect everyone’s rights, law and spaces of freedom. ” Mr. Erdogan, who spoke this week with President Obama in a condolence call, also told his audience what he believed Turkey, in facing so many terrorist attacks, was really up against: a plot by the West. Invoking the collapse of the Ottoman Empire after World War I and the subsequent Turkish war against Western armies and their proxies, he said, “Today Turkey is in a new struggle for independence. ”"
64,17358,A New Casualty of Syria’s War: Drinking Water in Damascus - The New York Times,New York Times,Ben Hubbard,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   For millions of Damascus residents,   concerns about the direction of the war in Syria have been replaced by worries about where to get enough water to do the dishes, wash clothes or take a shower. For nearly two weeks, the Syrian capital and its vicinity have been afflicted by a water crisis that has left taps dry, caused long lines at wells and forced people to stretch whatever thin resources they can find. “When the world gets hard for us, we work something out,” said a woman in a video posted on Facebook showing how she used a   cola bottle to wash teacups. “When you cut off the water, we dig for water. When you cut off the tap, we make a tap. ” Like most of Syria’s problems, the Damascus water crisis is a symptom of the war, which has killed hundreds of thousands of people, displaced about half the country’s prewar population of 22 million and left its territory divided into zones controlled by the government, armed rebels and jihadist groups. While a   brokered by Russia and Turkey and announced last week has reduced overall violence across the country, it has not stopped the fighting everywhere, nor has it resolved what happens when resources needed by one side are controlled by its enemies, as appears to be the case with Damascus’s water. Historically, most of the water for the capital, which is controlled by the government of President Bashar   has come from the Barada Valley north of the city, which is controlled by rebels who want to oust Mr. Assad. The crisis began on Dec. 22, when the water stopped flowing. Each side has accused the other of damaging infrastructure near the spring, halting the flow. Antigovernment activists have posted photos online, purporting to show structures around the spring that they say were damaged by exploding barrels dropped from government helicopters. The government first accused the rebels of polluting the water, then of damaging the infrastructure. Jens Laerke, a spokesman for the United Nations humanitarian office in Geneva, said by email Tuesday that the “deliberate targeting of the water infrastructure” had caused the  . “But we are not in a position to say by whom,” he said. “The area has been the scene of much fighting, so we have not been able to access it. ” Now, 5. 5 million people in Damascus and the vicinity lack water, which has raised the risk of waterborne disease, especially among children, he said. Fighting near the Barada Valley has continued despite the  . Antigovernment activists say that government forces, and fighters from Lebanon’s Hezbollah organization, have continued to attack the area in an apparent attempt to take it over. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which tracks the conflict from Britain through a network of contacts in Syria, said the government launched 15 airstrikes on the area Monday amid clashes between rebels and   forces. Turkey’s foreign minister, Mevlut Cavusoglu, accused the Syrian government and its allies on Wednesday of violating the   saying that the new violence could derail peace talks meant to be held in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan, on Jan. 23. Rebel groups have threatened to boycott the talks if government attacks do not stop. Few Damascus residents expect much from the talks or have time to think about them. While generally safe from the violence that had reduced other parts of the country to rubble, they were struggling through a cold winter of high prices and scarce commodities before the water crisis, making things worse. The Syrian government has sought to ease the crisis by trucking water from wells around the city, and the United Nations has rehabilitated 120 wells to cover about   of the city’s daily needs, Mr. Laerke, the spokesman, said. But many residents said they had received nothing. Some were buying water from men with private tankers, while others took advantage of whatever they could get. A    shopkeeper said he had not had a shower in 10 days but that he and his sons went to the mosque every day to wash their hands, feet and faces, an option not available to the women of the house. At home, he said, they used plastic utensils because they could not wash dishes. One    woman said she had not had running water in her home for 10 days. Her two sons have spent hours each day lining up to fill jugs from the well at their mosque. They use that to drink and to wash dishes, collecting the runoff to flush the toilet. “My family’s dream is to get a warm shower,” she said, speaking on condition of anonymity for fear of repercussions for communicating with a foreign news outlet without government permission. “It has become our ultimate hope in Damascus to have enough water to take showers and wash clothes in the automatic washing machine. ” She expressed anger that Syria’s   news media had said little about the water crisis, instead focusing on the military’s battles with rebels. “We are fed up with the news of military operations,” she said. “We want news about water and water supply schedules. ” Despite the water crisis, conditions in Damascus are far better than those in Aleppo, the northern city and former commercial epicenter of the country, where Syrian and Russian forces prevailed last month after prolonged bombardments of its eastern side. While the   appears to be holding there, the formerly   eastern quarters are abandoned wastelands, United Nations relief officials said. “Nothing prepared us for what we saw,” Sajjad Malik, the United Nations acting humanitarian coordinator for Syria, told reporters Wednesday in a telephone briefing from Aleppo. “The infrastructure was destroyed in almost every neighborhood. ” Mr. Malik said more than 100 United Nations relief workers from several agencies were helping civil defense teams remove debris and provide emergency food, water, shelter and medical care in the city, where four million people once lived. He estimated that 1. 5 million people remain in Aleppo, mostly on the western side, including roughly 400, 000 Syrians displaced from other areas. He also said thousands of displaced residents from the eastern side were starting to return, even if their homes and businesses were badly damaged or destroyed. “They’re beginning to talk about rebuilding their lives and livelihoods,” Mr. Malik said. But he cautioned that “Aleppo’s reconstruction is going to take a much longer time and way more resources than we have right now. ”"
65,17360,My Canada - The New York Times,New York Times,,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"Canada, our No. 1 pick for this year’s 52 Places to Go list, spans millions of square miles. It also contains multitudes, not just of people and locations, but of memories. We asked five Canadian authors to reflect on places that have lodged in their psyches. My mother always kept a bright yellow hard hat in her car, an unexpected accessory for a petite Hong Kong immigrant in her  . She was the senior purchaser for a British Columbia forestry company that, in lean years, laid off everyone in her department except her. (More’s the pity she dreamed of early retirement.) In the meantime, she shuttled between the province’s pulp and paper mills, doing the job of six people, negotiating contracts for hotels, log loaders, harvesters and more. One year, when I was 25, I finally said yes to her persistent invitations to tag along. She wanted me to meet the men and women who earned their living in the mill towns, and who called her by her English name, Matilda. We set out in her car, exploring the    of Vancouver Island, heading for the northern tip, Port Hardy. This would turn out to be the last trip we took together. I remember the wet October chill eagles descending over corridors of evergreens a seemingly endless highway. At twilight, the world took on the shifting depths of an Emily Carr painting. I had to put up with my mother’s terrible driving, and her devotion to Celine Dion. She had to put up with my moods. I was going through a breakup and had decided that, in order to strengthen my moral fiber, I should camp, alone, for three days in the woods. I instructed my mother to drop me off at my campsite, work for a few days in Port Hardy, and then pick me up again. Port Hardy is a microcosm of Canada: a   town with a complex human and environmental history. The archaeological site of the island’s oldest known human habitation (circa 5850 B. C.) the area is the place of origin for the Kwakiutl peoples. The land of the Kwakiutl, whose name translates to “smoke of the world,” was taken into ownership  —   both private and national  —   by gunpoint, dishonored treaties and restrictive and discriminatory laws. The scramble for artifacts and the theft of Kwakiutl art  —   work that was celebrated by Claude   as among the most sophisticated in the world  —   has meant that much of the community’s historical work is housed in museums elsewhere. After 1849, the Kwakiutl population was decimated, but it survives. In 2013, British Columbia was found to have once again breached the Kwakiutl’s 1851 Treaty rights. This is not a history I learned in school. Alone in the woods, I pitched my tent. The dark fell suddenly. I made it five hours before calling my mom, telling her I was afraid, and asking her to come get me. That night, we shared a bed in a small lodging provided by her company. I smelled of the fire I had briefly managed to start. It felt good to lie beside my mother in a place that was complex and old. A little over a year later, my mother died suddenly in a town where she was working, much like this one, on a November night when her heart gave out. It was her   two kind forestry men who, worried about my mother, entered her hotel room in the morning, to find her gone. So peaceful, they told us, as if she were only sleeping. Fourteen years later, I understand better how the smoke of the world is never still. Many of the mills my mother visited have closed, jobs have been lost, and, as of a decade ago, a staggering 75 percent of Vancouver Island’s productive   forest has been logged. It is a place that will tell us much about the balance between jobs and environmental stewardship, about our respect for First Nations treaty rights and our obligations to the land. This is the Canada still to come. Madeleine Thien is the author of “Do Not Say We Have Nothing. ” Grindstone Island is a   dot of green leaves and Victorian gingerbread structures in the middle of Big Rideau Lake, halfway between Kingston and Ottawa.   in the 19th century to make way for its eponymous grindstone quarry, the island later became the summer home of Charles Kingsmill, the first admiral of the Royal Canadian Navy, and served as a genteel hub for Ottawa society life. Kingsmill’s daughter, Diana, who had a lifelong association with pacifist Quakers, took over Grindstone and turned it into a nonviolent resistance education center, staging legendary   games that recreated the infamous Stanford Prison Experiment as a way to train the “prisoners” to fight oppression with noncooperation  —   a practice that ended after a disastrous fake “invasion” by a local biker gang retained for the purpose. I came to Grindstone as a young teenager in the   attending the annual summer camps run by the nonprofit cooperative the Quakers put together to manage the island. The camps’ explicit mission was to train a new generation of activists, another step on the ladder that they had climbed, through trade unionism, farmers’ unions, suffragism and feminism, to antiwar activism. Grindstone was full of kids like me:   babies who attended alternative public schools in Toronto, Kingston and Ottawa, who could rhyme the classic protest chant “   ” with the facility of lifelong practice. Today it sounds hopelessly idealistic. But in the ’80s, Grindstone was a perfect incubator for young activists. With its quiet paths, crisp lake swimming and isolated spots with names like Moonwatcher’s Point, the Grindstone experience was one part lazing around and chatting, one part intense, practical instruction. The Victorian cottages we slept in had once housed the political elites of Ottawa society and their celebrity friends. Now they were ours. I’ve always been an early riser, and it was on Grindstone that I became addicted to sunrises, swimming around the island to catch them on the still lake amid the loon calls, then rushing in a shiver back to my cabin to change for breakfast and morning meeting on the broad, shaded porch of the main lodge. As I graduated out of the summer camps, I became active in the maintenance and management of the island, volunteering in the kitchens and serving on the  ’s board. When the  ’s finances crashed with the   recession, we sold the island to a dentist from Kingston who planned to commute by small pontoon plane. I was devastated. Today, Grindstone is the private home of David Bearman and Jennifer Trant  —   museum technology pioneers who fell in love with the island the first time they saw it, immediately dissolved their successful consultancy and took up residence there, running small conferences for people interested in museums and the web. Five years ago my family and I were their guests. The island felt haunted by the ghosts of the friends I’d made there and the dreams we’d shared. It has been 25 years since I left Grindstone on its final weekend as a social justice education center, and not a week goes by without my yearning for it with a kind of joy and sorrow that is sunk very deep in my heart. I visit it in my dreams, and in the photo feeds from its current owners when I see them at museum conferences, I demand to know all the minutiae of the island’s upkeep, which trees survived the winter storms and what color they’re painting the porch this year. I live in Burbank, Calif. now, and I take my    daughter on hikes in the nearby mountains. Sometimes, when we sit on a trailside boulder and listen to the winds soughing in the trees, I can almost pretend that I’ve brought her back to Grindstone, the place I had always assumed I would raise my own family. Cory Doctorow is the author of the forthcoming novel “Walkaway” and a special adviser to the Electronic Frontier Foundation. The Hawker Siddeley HS 748 is a delightful,   turboprop relic of an airplane, with metal everywhere you expect plastic, made to land on gravel or ice. Nestled in a Hawker, I flew north from Whitehorse, Yukon’s capital city, past 300 miles of moonscape  —   gray craters scarred by the white lines of mining roads that seemed to loop and go nowhere  —   before Dawson City appeared through a hole in the cloud cover. The subarctic town, nicknamed “Paris of the North” during the late   Gold Rush, looked like a strange, solitary incursion on the land. I was there to spend three months living in the childhood home of the Canadian writer Pierre Berton, who had donated the house for this purpose. A volunteer picked me up at the   airport. On the drive through town, we passed a truck with an animal carcass in the bed, antlers poking out past a tarp.   black birds pecked at the exposed edges. “If you leave your moose out, the ravens will get at it,” the volunteer said. The Yukon River divided the town into Dawson proper and West Dawson, a scattered community of   cabins whose inhabitants hauled their own wood, water and propane. I walked down to the river almost every day. It was October, and the black, bottomless water flowed fast toward Alaska. Over the next few weeks, the river changed. First the water took on the faint sheen of an oil slick. Then slivers of ice began to race along the current, catching the light like the heads and bellies of surfacing seals. Then bigger,   chunks of ice formed, audibly colliding and jostling for space until they clustered and   at a bottleneck bend. Finally, one morning in November, I woke to an eerie, noticeable silence. I went down to the river’s beach sheets of ice overlapped where they’d heaved onto the shore, their exposed   resembling massive blocks of turquoise glass. A government employee had drilled into the ice and laid out orange flags indicating where the ice was thick enough to walk safely. I watched a dogsled cross. Because of the snow cover, it wasn’t immediately clear where the ground ended and the river began. As I stepped out, I could hear ice continuing to crack, the sound of trickling water running in open rivulets. Under my feet, I’d been told, ran water deep enough to swallow a truck. This would be a stupid way to die, I thought. Halfway across, I stopped and looked south, toward where the Yukon River met the Klondike River. At this time of year, the sun rose so late and set so early that it circled the horizon in a continuous blaze of orange. Part of the Canadian identity is that we’re a hardy people, thriving in the inhospitable north. It’s one of those myths so ingrained and pervasive that you believe it even if, like me  —   like most  —   you have lived your whole life in cities less than 60 miles north of the American border. For just a moment, my breath clouding around me, icicles forming on my chin, I stood in that mythical Canada. I crossed and hiked triumphantly around West Dawson, which had been inaccessible except by helicopter during the  . The temperature dropped below   degrees Celsius. When I returned to the house, hours later, I peeled off my jeans and saw that my thighs, like my cheeks and nose, were a raw, violent red. Out on the river, I had seen two other people crossing. The first glided past on   skis with a baby strapped to his chest. The second was an acquaintance pulling a sled. “Just picking up my mail!” he called. Kim Fu is the author of the novel “For Today I Am a Boy” and the poetry collection “How Festive the Ambulance. ”  Hans Johann was a capitalist pig farmer, a man who owned the pigs and the farm. His wife was Barbara. They were both German Mennonites. After World War II, both had fled with their families from what was once Prussia to Niagara, which is where, on some acres between the lake and the waterfalls, they stayed and became Mama and Papa, then Oma and Opa. My mother, Linda, was the fourth of Oma and Opa’s seven children, born and christened at such a rate that the family could not afford middle names. Mama made up for this by calling me “Sarah Nicole,” while my father, one of four from the suburbs, has never said anything but “Sarah. ” At home in London, Ontario, I sided with my dad, thinking two names were less smart than one but when we went to the pig farm, my name was turned by thick German tongues into “   . ” This older, extrinsic version of me was the one I liked best. Summers belonged to Niagara. Driving to the farm in a station wagon with no empty seats, we knew we were close when the asphalt turned to dirt and had arrived when the dirt turned to gravel. A long lane,   in birches, led to an ancient Mercedes or two and a big John Deere tractor, a nameless cat curled under the exhaust pipe. In the kitchen, we ate Oma’s bread with havarti cheese and   summer grapes, on which a skim of dust belied a   of gold. What did we need money for? Nothing. Ice cream, maybe, if we wanted it in a cone from Avondale Dairy. Turtles swam with us in the pool, the water cold and unchlorinated under scum, colored the dim vegetative green of fairy tales before they’re Americanized. Oma said her ferns would grow better if we urinated in the soil, and we rolled our eyes but did it, one at a time. I sneaked away to the gully, read my aunt’s ahistorical romance novels. My brother shot a dove with a BB gun. Pigs screamed in the barn. It seemed in those summers impossible that the sun could either burn me or fail to wake me up, that I could ever be sick for more than three days or have an allergy. I was no more friends with nature than I was friends with my kin, yet it seemed that nature and I felt the same way: indifferent to the rules, remote no matter how we were tamed. My grandfather is alive, freshly widowed. Though he no longer capitalizes on much or practices animal husbandry, he lives in the bungalow on the farm and makes and sells peach and grape jam. Everyone thinks they know what peach and grape jam taste like, but I maintain that Opa’s jam can make you forget what a fruit is. Sarah Nicole Prickett is a writer in New York and the founder of Adult Magazine.  A few years ago, I got to pick a small village to stay in for a while and write poetry. I chose the Missisquoi Valley, in the Eastern Townships of Quebec, because I liked what the bay’s First Nations name meant: many aquatic birds. Indeed, I saw birds everywhere: in my dreams, above my head, through the windows. I saw the wind, too, moving across the cornfields. The region also brought me back to my love of New England. When choosing the town I was to stay in, I’d randomly pointed at a little village called Mystic. It was an enticing name. I’d also found a sister city in the United States with the same name, which had a museum with a room dedicated to Herman Melville. When I write, I always let myself be led by coincidence. I quickly started inventing connections between Melville and the Québécois Mystic between me scribbling notes in a rented Cavalier and the trailblazers of real and fictional territory that were the great American writers of the 19th century. I also imagined stories of the devil whirling around in the town’s   barn, and created my own private numerology. I would look for covered bridges on the road, round barns built by utopian Quakers and Victorian houses. I thought about loyalists fleeing north after the Revolutionary War, about Irish Catholics fleeing famine, about all the immigrants who left their mark along the path. I knew that by venturing further, to the shores of the great Lake Memphremagog, I would also think about the Vietnam War deserters who’d found refuge there. I thought about the First Nation Abenakis, how they named the lakes and rivers, and about our ignorance. I began my stay at Pike River, but I understood that this road was one where each stop would lead to another. I walked into the office of tourism in Stanbridge Station, my next stop, and asked a petite historian a thousand questions. She showed me Chemin St.  on the map, which she called the second prettiest road in Quebec. (I never learned where the first was.) I didn’t stay in Mystic. As soon as I caught sight of the old cemetery in Hunter Mills, I became fascinated by the border zone between Quebec and the United States. It represented the state I was in myself: a wandering state of mind, looking for ghosts, mine and others’ looking for my words, my promised land, my house built stone by stone throughout my life. And that is how, having been asked to stay in a small village, I found myself gathering the rosary beads of hamlets strung along the border area. I’m still enamored with the scenery I found there: isolated villages in the shadow of the mountains, whose grandeur lorded over long lakes and rivers farms and cornfields a Mercedes up on four blocks amid the junk strewn in front of an abandoned house old   cemeteries that pop up at every turn leafy trees of maple, walnut, beech, oak, birch a few wayside crosses old churches and train stations and checkpoints and in the morning, at the inn by the river, a little black cat sitting on a tree branch listening to the sound of the falls and the purring coffeepot. Élise Turcotte, a poet and novelist, is the author of “The Sound of Living Things” and “Guyana. ” Translated by Allison M. Charette. En français: Il y a quelques années, on m’a demandé de séjourner dans un petit village de mon choix afin d’y écrire des poèmes. J’ai choisi la vallée de la Missisquoi dans les cantons de l’est en Québec, parce que j’aimais la signification du nom donné par les Premières Nations à la baie: beaucoup d’oiseaux aquatiques. Déjà, je voyais des oiseaux partout, dans mes rêves, autour de ma tête, derrière les fenêtres. Je voyais aussi le vent bouger à travers les champs de maïs. Cette région me ramenait aussi à mon amour de la  . Afin de choisir le village de mon séjour, j’avais pointé mon doigt sur un petit village appelé Mystic. Ce nom m’attirait. J’avais aussi découvert une ville homonyme aux   où il y avait, dans un musée, une salle dédiée à Melville. Je me laisse toujours guider par les coïncidences pour écrire. J’inventais d’ores et déjà des liens entre Melville et le Mystic québécois entre moi prenant des notes dans une Cavalier louée, et ces défricheurs de territoires réels et fictifs que sont les grands écrivains américains du 19e siècle. J’imaginais aussi des histoires de diable tournant en rond dans la Grange à douze côtés, et créais une numérologie intime à moi. Je chercherais les ponts couverts sur la route, les granges rondes construites par des quakers utopiques, les maisons à façade victorienne je pensais à la fuite des loyalistes vers le nord, aux Irlandais catholiques fuyant la famine, à tous ces immigrants ayant laissé leurs traces sur le chemin. Je savais qu’en m’aventurant plus loin, aux abords du grand lac Memphrémagog, je penserais aussi aux déserteurs de la guerre du Vietnam. Je pensais aux Abénaquis des Premières Nations, qui ont donné les noms aux lacs et aux rivières, à notre ignorance. À   là où mon séjour commençait, j’ai compris cependant que j’étais sur une route où chaque arrêt menait à un autre. Je suis entrée dans le bureau du tourisme, j’ai posé mille questions à une petite historienne de Stanbridge Station. Elle m’a indiqué sur la carte où se trouve Chemin   la deuxième plus belle route du Québec. (Je n’ai pas jamais appris où se situe la première). Et je ne suis pas restée à Mystic: dès que j’ai aperçu le vieux cimetière de Hunter Mills, c’est la zone frontalière entre le Québec et les   qui m’a fascinée. Elle était l’illustration de l’état dans lequel je me trouvais, dans l’esprit de l’errance, à la recherche de fantômes, les miens, ceux des autres à la recherche de mes mots, ma terre promise, ma maison construite pierre après pierre tout au long de ma vie. Et c’est ainsi qu’appelée à séjourner dans un petit village, je me suis retrouvée à ramasser les grains d’un chapelet de hameaux dispersés sur le chemin de la frontière. Le décor que j’y ai trouvé m’enchante toujours: villages enclavés dans l’ombre des montagnes, dont le grandeur veillaient sur les lacs longs et les rivières fermes et champs de maïs une Mercedes sur quatre blocs à travers le débarras devant une maison à l’abandon de vieux cimetières   qui surprennent à chaque détour des arbres feuillus, érables, noyers, êtres, chênes, bouleaux quelques croix de chemin d’anciennes gares et églises, de vieux postes de frontière et le matin, à l’auberge, un petit chat noir perché sur une branche d’arbre écoutant le bruit des chutes et de la cafetière qui ronronne."
66,17361,How We Put Together Our 52 Places to Go List - The New York Times,New York Times,,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"For the 12th straight year, the Travel section presents its annual Places to Go issue. You will likely have some questions: How did the No. 1 spot get there? Why is my favorite spot not on the list? What’s the deal with those 360 videos online at nytimes. ? Here are some frequently asked questions about how we chose our 52 Places to Go in 2017.  What made Canada the top choice? And why would you choose a country?  Canada has it all (O. K. maybe not tropical beaches). It’s a world unto itself, with Vancouver Island surf breaks, culinary delights in Toronto and Montreal, and natural glories of parks like Banff in Alberta. And, let’s face it, clichés of Mounties and hockey aside, Canada remains a terra incognita for Americans and much of the world. It’s a great time to correct that, as the country celebrates its 150th anniversary this year (which means free admission all year to those national parks) and currently offers a generous exchange rate with the United States dollar. What is special about the list online? And in print? Look at the interactive version of the list on a computer or mobile device and you’ll notice a bunch of 360 videos that allow you to explore some of these places in a newly immersive way. “Travel is a great match for 360 videos because the medium provides a vivid sense of place,” said Maureen Towey, the senior producer for 360 News at The New York Times. “We ask our shooters to be adventurous in their camera placement. When they ask if they can rig the camera to a motorcycle, a   balloon or a ski lift, we say yes every time. ” On a computer, you’ll also notice a stunning drone video, shot in Tofino, on the western coast of Vancouver Island. “After many wet days, there was one morning the clouds broke and the waves were a bit better,” said Josh Haner, a staff photographer who shot the footage. “As my drone’s batteries were running out, I looked to the right and a beautiful rainbow filled the beach. It was a spectacular 45 minutes. ” And print readers will notice something new as well: a special   presentation of the list that can be removed from the section and pored over (or hung on the wall). How do you start the process? We ask our regular contributors, many of whom live overseas or roam the globe, for ideas. We get hundreds of them. What are you looking for in those ideas? First, why now? That is, why is this the year to go to a particular place? We also aim for a geographic and thematic diversity. And we look for a mix of destinations both   and off the beaten path. (That means we often exclude the very obvious spots even though cities like London, Berlin and Tokyo are always exciting, they didn’t make this year’s list.) How do you narrow it down to the final list? A   meeting, in which we discuss each idea. We get pretty punchy toward the end but are always happy with the final list. My favorite destination didn’t make the list. Why not? The 52 places we select are, of course, just the start. There are thousands of wonderful destinations to consider. We’d love to hear your suggestions  —   use the #52Places2017 hashtag on Instagram to suggest yours."
67,17362,Places to Put Your Hands Together - The New York Times,New York Times,Shivani Vora,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"Whether the music to your ears is pop, classical, jazz, country or another type of tune altogether, the rhythms of 2017 have you covered. Dance the days and nights away at Summerfest, June 28 to July 9 in Milwaukee, an   bonanza that includes 800 acts spread out across 11 stages at Henry Maier Festival Park on Lake Michigan. The Red Hot Chili Peppers and Pink are among the headline performers this year, the festival’s 50th, but other genres such as   classic rock, Latin and reggae are also represented. The Monterey International Pop Festival, June 16 to 18 in Monterey, Calif. is also turning 50 this year, and celebrating in style, on the same weekend and at the same location  —   the Monterey County Fair and Events Center  —   where the original festival was held in 1967. That event helped establish the careers of many legendary musicians, including Jimi Hendrix, the Who and the Grateful Dead, and this year, over the course of three days, nine bands will take the stage to pay tribute to them. In Monte Carlo, it’s all jazz all the time at the 12th annual   Jazz Festival (November and December, exact dates to be determined) featuring performances by the world’s top jazz players such as Manu Katché, the drummer and singer, the bassist Richard Bona, and Ibrahim Maalouf, the trumpet player, all of whom were guests in 2016. The heart of the action takes place at the Opéra Garnier   an ornate   building, but the shows spill over into the Casino de   and glitzy oceanfront bars. Mellower sounds are in store on the Caribbean island of Mustique from Jan. 18 to Feb. 1, at the Mustique Blues Festival, a   secret among discerning fans. The event unfolds over nearly two weeks at the beachside Basil’s Bar, where spectators can sip sundowners while listening to the music of renowned blues players from around the world, including the San   guitarist and singer Joe Louis Walker. Festivalgoers should be on the lookout for other attendees, both famous and not, giving impromptu shows Mick Jagger and Michael Kors have jumped on stage in past years to belt out the blues before a stunned crowd. On the classical music scene, a prestigious orchestra celebrates a big birthday while another is born. In Austria, the Vienna Philharmonic is marking its 175th anniversary with more than 100 concerts throughout the year, including the free and   Summer Night Concert Schönbrunn on May 25, in the Baroque gardens of Vienna’s Schönbrunn Palace, and four opera productions at the Salzburg Festival in Salzburg from July 21 to Aug. 30, most notably “Aida,” in which the Russian superstar soprano Anna Netrebko will sing the title role. And in Germany, Hamburg anticipates a January opening for the Elbphilharmonie, a striking new building set atop a former warehouse, with a glass facade, a scalloped roofline and two concert halls. Festivities at the new cultural landmark will unfold all year, like the ¡Viva Beethoven! series, March 19 to 23, when the highly regarded Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel will conduct. In Montreal, traditional opera takes on a contemporary edge with “Another Brick in the Wall,” on select dates from March 11 to 24 the production honors the city’s 375th anniversary and is based on Pink Floyd’s 1979 album “The Wall. The band’s chief songwriter, Roger Waters, collaborated with Opéra de Montréal on the work, which is inspired by his life. There are stories of isolation and the destruction of love, and it promises to be   and emotional, just the way a captivating opera should be."
68,17363,"Getting Around by Rail, Sail or Foot - The New York Times",New York Times,Elaine Glusac,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"Whether by train, ship or   trail, transit alternatives are poised to proliferate in 2017. Midyear, the Brightline express train in South Florida is expected to open, linking Miami and West Palm Beach. When it’s finished in 2019, travelers can make the trip between Miami and Orlando in three hours, while driving takes four. The terminus at the new downtown MiamiCentral station will include a food hall known as Central Fare. In Switzerland, the Gotthard Base Tunnel, the world’s longest and deepest railway passage, ceremonially opened last June, but officially opened in December. Eventually the   tunnel through the Alps will cut 45 minutes off the trip between Zurich and Lugano. Offering more leisurely tours, the luxury sleeper train Belmond Andean Explorer will begin in May, linking Cusco, in the Peruvian Andes, to Lake Titicaca and Arequipa. The itinerary takes two nights, but the company, which also operates the   Belmond Hiram Bingham trains to Machu Picchu, will offer   trips between Cusco and Lake Titicaca. Japan welcomed its newest   train, Hokkaido Shinkansen, last March, traveling between Tokyo and the northern Hokkaido island in just over four hours. This spring, the   Train Suite   will offer   luxury tours in sleeper cars that will travel from Tokyo to the Tohoku and Hokkaido regions. Among 2017 cruise ship launches in the mega class, the   MSC Meraviglia from Europe’s MSC Cruises, coming in the summer to the Mediterranean, will be among the largest at sea, with a   dome featuring light shows in the central promenade, a   bowling alley and entertainment by Cirque du Soleil. In November, the line will introduce another large ship, the   MSC Seaside, sailing   between Miami and the Caribbean. In March, Celebrity Cruises plans to add two small ships to its fleet, both sailing in the Galápagos Islands. The   Celebrity Xperience will offer trips lasting from seven to 13 nights, providing snorkeling gear, wet suits and binoculars to guests. A smaller craft, the Celebrity Xploration, will accommodate 16 guests. Lindblad Expeditions will introduce its first newly built ship, the   National Geographic Quest, in June in the Inside Passage of Alaska, with kayaks, paddle boards and landing craft for ventures into the wild. The   sailing ships of Star Clippers only look retro. The line’s newly built Flying Clipper, making its debut late in 2017, will be powered by 32 sails, and it can carry 300 passengers. The   luxury line Silversea will add the   Silver Muse in April in the Mediterranean. Highlights include larger and connecting suites for friends and family, and eight restaurants, including French, Japanese and one that encourages diners to cook for themselves on heated lava stones. Among river launches, Uniworld Boutique River Cruise Collection will begin the       Joie de Vivre in France in March. Crystal River Cruises will unveil the Crystal Bach on the Danube in June and the Crystal Mahler on the Rhine in August. Both will accommodate 106 guests and include butler service, five restaurants and lounges and a spa. Crystal has also announced it will start Crystal AirCruise in 2017: private jet trips aboard its   Boeing  . The inaugural trip ($159, 000 a person) circumnavigates the globe over 27 days, beginning Aug. 31, via Peninsula Hotels. Canada aims to celebrate the 150th anniversary of its confederation by completing its transcontinental Great Trail, a   or roughly   multiuse recreational trail linking Newfoundland in the east to British Columbia in the west, with northern spurs to the Yukon and the Northwest Territories."
69,17364,5 Must-See Shows if You’re in New York This Month - The New York Times,New York Times,Charles Isherwood,2017-01-25,2017.0,1.0,,"Broadway shows often fold their tents at the end of the year, fearing the winter blues at the box office. But this year a few shows of note are holding on, at least for a week or two. You’ve got a few more days to catch Stephen Karam’s gorgeous “The Humans,” last season’s Tony winner for best play (ending on Jan. 15) and even fewer to jump on the exhilarating emotional roller coaster that is the sublime revival of the musical “Falsettos” (ending on Sunday). Looking further ahead, here are other notable shows and events I’d put at the top of my    list. The first of the majestic   cycle of plays written by the great August Wilson, this drama set in the 1970s (and written in 1979) was, until now, the only piece of the cycle not to be produced on Broadway. A classic Wilson ensemble drama, about a group of gypsy cab drivers in the Hill District of Pittsburgh, the new Manhattan Theater Club production is directed by Ruben   who has both appeared in and directed Wilson’s plays  —   notably the superb recent revival of “The Piano Lesson” from the Signature Theater. (In previews for a Jan. 19 opening at the Samuel J. Friedman Theater.) Normally I frown on theater as a rarefied form of stargazing. But with a star as luminous as Cate Blanchett, I will grant an exception. And, of course, Ms. Blanchett, who graces this new adaptation of “Platonov,” an early Chekhov play, is not merely a movie star burnishing her reputation with a Broadway debut. During the past decade she has made regular, acclaimed appearances on the New York stage, in productions imported from the Sydney Theater Company (as is this one). An unwieldy drama about the familiar Chekhovian concerns  —   lives full of regret, stomachs bloated with vodka  —   the play has been moved from Russia in the 19th century to Russia in the late 20th century for this version by Andrew Upton, Ms. Blanchett’s husband. The esteemed Australian actor Richard Roxburgh is Platonov. (In previews for a Sunday opening at the Barrymore Theater.) I have been saving this lovable classic as a cure for the   blues. The small but enterprising Irish Rep first produced this delicious musical whimsy, with a glorious, multihued score by Burton Lane and E. Y. Harburg, a dozen years ago, with Melissa Errico as the ingénue, Sharon (she who wonders “How Are Things in Glocca Morra? ”). The seemingly ageless Ms. Errico, I am delighted to report, is unfurling her silvery soprano once again in this revival, directed by the company’s artistic director, Charlotte Moore. (Through Jan. 29 at the Irish Repertory Theater.) [Read the review] This is not a single show (as downtown theatergoers will, of course, know) but a whole feast of international theater, presented by the Public Theater at its home base and elsewhere. Along with P. S. 122’s Coil and other festivals, it has come to make January a dizzying smorgasbord of experimental theater. Highlights this year include a new production from one of my favorite companies, the imaginative 600 Highwaymen, presenting “The Fever,” which is said to be “performed in complete collaboration with the audience. ” Bring your tap shoes  —   or at least a willingness to blast your way through the fourth wall on a regular basis. (Various locations,  .) Martin McDonagh’s     was the first of his trilogy of plays set in the impoverished Irish village of the title. It returns in a   production from the Druid Theater, the company that first made a splash internationally with a pungent production that ultimately moved to Broadway. Once again the company’s longtime chief, Garry Hynes, directs. And Marie Mullen, who won a Tony Award as the embittered daughter of a manipulative terror of a mother, with the aptly monstrous name Mag, now takes on that formidable role. (Begins performances at the Brooklyn Academy of Music on Jan. 11.)"
70,17365,Remaking Kennedy Airport Is Governor’s Next Big Plan - The New York Times,New York Times,Patrick McGeehan,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo of New York said on Wednesday that with a complete overhaul of La Guardia Airport underway, he wants to rebuild New York City’s other airport, John F. Kennedy International. Mr. Cuomo outlined a plan to spend more than $10 billion modernizing Kennedy’s terminals and improving the highway and transit systems connected to the airport. He did not provide a timetable for the plan or say specifically where all of the money would come from. “The next step is to tackle J. F. K. because La Guardia isn’t enough,” Mr. Cuomo said, speaking at a meeting of the Association for a Better New York, a business group, in Manhattan. “We need to build a new airport at J. F. K. and go through the same process as we did with La Guardia. ” In promoting big infrastructure projects, including the Second Avenue subway, which opened Sunday, Mr. Cuomo is building his legacy in New York, and perhaps raising his national profile. The plans offered by Mr. Cuomo on Wednesday suggest that he does not intend to stop trying to impose his will on the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates La Guardia and J. F. K. The authority’s commissioners are scheduled to meet on Thursday to vote on a $30 billion   spending plan that includes only about $1 billion for improvements at J. F. K. When Mr. Cuomo formed an advisory group in 2015 to study how to improve J. F. K. he said the panel would make recommendations to the authority. But the authority’s chairman, John J. Degnan, did not see the panel’s final report until Tuesday. “We await an opportunity to review the details of the governor’s proposal,” Mr. Degnan said on Wednesday. “We will have to evaluate it against other compelling capital needs identified by the Port Authority, both within other airports and within other operations that we oversee. ” Mr. Degnan, an appointee of Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, a Republican, has been at odds with Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat, over the authority’s spending priorities. The agency also operates the main commuter bus terminal in Manhattan and Newark Liberty International Airport. Mr. Cuomo pushed for $2. 5 billion in the capital plan for improvements at the New York airports, possibly including an AirTrain link from New York City’s subway system to La Guardia. Mr. Cuomo’s advisory panel suggested that most of the rest of the money  —   up to $7 billion  —   could come from private sources, including airlines that use J. F. K. Kennedy is a collection of   terminals, some of which were built, at least in part, by the airlines that occupy them. JetBlue Airways and the authority split the cost of building Terminal 5, which opened in 2008. Delta Air Lines has spent more than $1 billion in the recent years to improve its facilities at Terminals 2 and 4. At La Guardia, the authority has committed $600 million to the rebuilding of Terminals C and D against an estimated cost of about $4 billion. That investment would come on top of a $4 billion rebuilding of the Central Terminal Building there, which began last year. Mr. Cuomo hopes to entice airlines to make similar investments at J. F. K. to compete for customers. He challenged airlines to make offers, saying Delta had called him at 5:45 a. m. on Wednesday. Mr. Cuomo did not mention seeking federal financing.   Donald J. Trump has said he plans to make an ambitious investment in infrastructure a priority of his administration. As part of Mr. Cuomo’s plan for J. F. K. Matthew Driscoll, New York State’s transportation commissioner, said his agency would spend as much as $2 billion to improve the flow of traffic to and from the airport. The changes would include adding a lane to the Van Wyck Expressway and widening ramps at the busy interchange in Kew Gardens, Queens, which Mr. Driscoll said handles 250, 000 vehicles per day. Thomas F. Prendergast, chairman of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, said that transit agencies would explore creating a   ride between Manhattan and J. F. K. Travelers must now switch to the AirTrain from the subway or Long Island Rail Road, a transfer that Mr. Prendergast described as “schlepping with your luggage. ” Though New York City owns the land under J. F. K. no one from City Hall attended Mr. Cuomo’s speech. “Investments in New York City’s airports are vitally important to our region’s   development,” said Melissa Grace, a spokeswoman for Mayor Bill de Blasio. “We look forward to hearing more details about the plans for J. F. K. in the months to come. ”"
71,17366,Cyberwar for Sale - The New York Times,New York Times,Mattathias Schwartz,2017-01-22,2017.0,1.0,,"On the morning of May 18, 2014, Violeta Lagunes was perplexed by a series of strange messages that appeared in her Gmail inbox. It was Election Day to choose the leadership of Mexico’s   Partido Acción Nacional, or PAN, and Lagunes, a former federal congresswoman, was holding a strategy meeting in her office in Puebla city. The emails seemed harmless, at least at first. One appeared to come from the account of a trusted colleague. It asked her to download and review a document. Lagunes clicked on the link, but it seemed to be broken, so she wrote back to her colleague and asked him to send it again. Elsewhere in her inbox was an email from Google warning her that someone had tried to log in to her account. Meanwhile, she began to receive phone calls from PAN allies, who claimed that they had received emails from Lagunes’s account that she did not remember sending. Now Lagunes was worried. Around 1 o’clock, she called the colleague who appeared to have emailed her. She reached him at a restaurant, where he was finishing lunch with other campaign allies. “I did not send you an email,” he insisted. A consultant with the campaign  —   who asked to remain anonymous in order to preserve his relationships with other candidates  —   overheard the conversation. He knew of other campaign workers who had been receiving similar messages: emails with vague subject lines, asking the recipient to review a document or click a link. The campaign, he realized, had been hacked. In the vote for party leader, Lagunes and her allies in Puebla  —   a   drive southeast from Mexico City  —   were supporting the challenger, a senator who promised to return the party to its conservative roots. But the incumbent was backed by Puebla’s powerful governor, Rafael Moreno Valle. One of Mexico’s rising political stars, Moreno Valle is close to Mexico’s president, Enrique Peña Nieto, and has forged an alliance between PAN and Nieto’s centrist Partido Revolucionario Institucional, or PRI, long the dominant force in Mexican politics. Since winning the governorship in 2010, Moreno Valle’s opponents say, his ambitions have grown, and he has resorted to increasingly harsh measures to keep Puebla state  —   including members of his own party  —   under control. “In the beginning, the governor was   and respectful,” Rafael Micalco, a former leader of PAN in Puebla state, told me. “When he became governor, he transformed. Now he controls the party through threats. ” This race to retain control of the party leadership in 2014 was a crucial test for the governor, who was rumored to be considering a run for Mexico’s presidency in 2018. (This past September, Moreno Valle publicly announced his intent to run.) Clashes between the two camps were especially intense in Puebla, where backers of the challenger, Ernesto Cordero, claimed that the governor was using public money to support the incumbent, Gustavo Madero, though the governor’s office has denied these charges. Shortly before the election, Madero’s campaign manager said that Cordero’s side was trying to undermine the legitimacy of the process. “Their strategy is clear from the outset,” he said in an interview with a Mexican magazine. “’u2009‘If I win, good. If not, I was cheated. ’’u2009” After Lagunes’s call on Election Day, her colleagues rushed from the restaurant back to their local headquarters, a hotel conference room that they had nicknamed “the bunker. ” All morning, they had been trying to reach their field network, a group of 40 Cordero canvassers who were working to get out the vote in Puebla state. But the field network seemed to have gone dark. Few of the canvassers were even answering their phones. Hackers, the team concluded, must have found the list of the canvassers’ names and phone numbers  —   widely circulated by email within the campaign  —   and begun to intimidate them. “The day before,” the consultant told me, the field network was “motivated and eager to do this work. After the hack, it was very hard to reach them. The few who did answer said that they had received phone calls saying that their lives were at stake. They were worried that if they went out, they or their families would get hurt. ” According to another worker on Cordero’s campaign, who also requested anonymity, citing fear of reprisal, the message to the canvassers was simple and direct: “We know who you are. If you don’t want any trouble, shut down your cellphone and stop your activity. ” The worker added: “It’s an authoritarian regime. ” Madero won the election, with 57 percent of the 162, 792 votes cast over all. In Puebla, his margin was substantially larger, roughly 74 percent. Cordero’s team decided not to contest the result. They had suspicions about how they were hacked. But it would be another year before any evidence emerged. Their political enemies, leaked documents seemed to show, had built a spying operation using software made by an Italian firm called Hacking Team  —   just one of many private companies that, largely below public notice, have sprung up to aid governments in surveilling the private lives of individual citizens. The industry claims that its products comply with local laws and are used to fight crime and terror. But in many countries around the world, these tools have proved to be equally adept at political espionage. On average, an American office worker sends and receives roughly 120 emails per day, a number that grows with each passing year. The ubiquity and utility of email has turned it into a   record of our    lives, rich with mundane and potentially embarrassing details, stored in a perpetual archive, accessible from anywhere on earth and protected, in some cases, by nothing more than a single password. In the case of Violeta Lagunes, her email login represented a point of vulnerability, a seam where the digital walls protecting her campaign were at the mercy of her human judgment  —   specifically, whether she could determine if a message from an apparently reputable source was real or fake. Nearly two years later, John Podesta, chairman of Hillary Clinton’s campaign, was faced with a similar judgment call. An email warned him that someone in Ukraine had tried to access his Gmail account and asked him to click on a button and reset his password. His senior adviser forwarded the email to one of the campaign’s technology experts. “This is a legitimate email,” he replied, in what the expert later would clarify was a simple typing error on his part he meant to say it was not legitimate. “The gmail one is REAL,” the senior adviser wrote to Podesta and another aide. And so, like Lagunes, Podesta fell into a trap. The button appeared to lead to an official Google page, but it was in fact a meticulously personalized fake, with a domain address linked to a remote cluster of atolls in the South Pacific. The details were designed to trick Podesta into entering his password. This technique is known as “spear phishing. ” It is an especially potent weapon against companies and political organizations because it needs to succeed only one time, against one target. After that, attackers can use the trusted identity of the first compromised account to more easily lure colleagues into opening infected attachments or clicking on malicious links. Not only will a working email password yield years of intraoffice chatter, invoices,   bills and confidential memos it can often be leveraged into control of other personal accounts  —   Twitter, Facebook, Amazon  —   and even access to company servers and internet domains. The Podesta and Lagunes episodes are far from the only cases in which hackers have used information from stolen emails as a weapon against an entire institution. The 2009 “Climategate” incident, which exposed troves of emails from prominent climate researchers, began when hackers remotely broke into servers at a British university with the help of illicitly obtained passwords. The 2014 hack of internal Sony files, which American officials attributed to the North Korean government, began with a series of   emails that attackers then used to dig deeper into Sony’s servers. Each hack yielded the most private thoughts and deeds from the members of each respective organization: their blunt insults, their quashed dissents, their   plans, their smarmy flattery, all chronicled in time down to the hundredth of the second when the author clicked “send. ” In an earlier era, the hackers might have had to engage in riskier behavior, like bribery or burglary. Now, in many cases, all they had to do was send along a link. The White House, C. I. A. and F. B. I. have all claimed that, based on classified evidence, they can trace the hacks of Podesta’s email account (and other hacks of people close to the Clinton campaign) back to the Russian government. But with the rise of private firms like Hacking Team, penetrating the email accounts of political opponents does not require the kind of money and expertise available to major powers. A   website called Insider Surveillance lists more than a dozen companies selling   ethical malware, including   Hacking Team and the German firms FinFisher and Trovicor. Compared with conventional arms, surveillance software is subject to few trade controls a recent attempt by the United States to regulate it under a   pact called the Wassenaar Arrangement failed. “The technology is morally neutral,” says Joel Brenner, a former inspector general of the National Security Agency. “The same program that you use to monitor your babysitter might be used by Bashar Assad or Abdel Fattah   to keep track of whomever they don’t like. ” Hacking Team has fewer than 50 employees, but it has customers all over the world. According to internal documents, its espionage tool, which is called the Remote Control System, or R. C. S. can be licensed for as little as $200, 000 a year  —   well within the budget of a provincial strongman. After it has been surreptitiously installed on a target’s computer or phone, the Remote Control System can invisibly eavesdrop on everything: text messages, emails, phone and Skype calls, location data and so on. Whereas the N. S. A. ’s   programs grab data in transit from switching rooms and undersea cables, the R. C. S. acquires it at the source, right off a target’s device, before it can be encrypted. It carries out an invisible, digitized equivalent of a    . The United States government is almost certainly the world’s most formidable repository of hacking talent, but its most powerful cyberweapons are generally reserved for intelligence agencies and the military. This might explain why, according to company documents, at least two federal   agencies have been Hacking Team clients: the F. B. I. beginning in 2011, and the Drug Enforcement Administration, beginning in 2012. The F. B. I. contract paid Hacking Team more than $700, 000 the D. E. A. appears to have used the software to go after targets in Colombia. Documents show that the company has also sold its software to some of the world’s most repressive governments. Some, like those of Honduras, Ethiopia, Bahrain, Morocco, Egypt and Saudi Arabia, are Western allies. Other countries, like Uzbekistan and Turkey, have a more troubled relationship. A few are openly hostile to the West. Between 2012 and 2014, Hacking Team was paid nearly one million euros by the government of Sudan, a United   state sponsor of terrorism. Even more notable, in light of recent events, is the   relationship that Hacking Team carried on with the F. S. B. one of Russia’s main intelligence agencies. As with Puebla, Hacking Team used a middleman, a research agency called Kvant, to handle its sales to Russia. Between 2012 and 2014, the agency paid Hacking Team 451, 000 euros to license the Remote Control System. Hacking Team claims that it draws the line at customers who commit “gross   abuses” and that it sells exclusively to governments operating within the laws of their own countries. In at least one case, David Vincenzetti, Hacking Team’s founder and chief executive, told a salesman to hold off on a potential Mexican client. “We sell to official, governmental LEAs”  —     agencies  —   “and security agencies ONLY,” Vincenzetti wrote in an email. But at other times, a more casual attitude prevailed inside the company. “If one sells sandwiches to Sudan, he is not subject, as far as my knowledge goes, to the law,” one Hacking Team lawyer wrote in an internal email. “Hacking Team should be treated like a sandwich vendor. ” When asked about its arrangements in various countries, the company responded that it “does not comment on confidential business dealings. ” Its American spokesman, Eric Rabe, did tell me that neither Russia nor Sudan is a current Hacking Team customer. (The relationships, Rabe wrote, ended in 2014, Russia because “the Putin government evolved from one considered friendly to the West to a more hostile regime” and Sudan “because of concerns about the country’s ability to use the system in accordance with the H. T. contract. ”) Separately, the company confirmed that the state of Puebla was, in fact, a former client. Until recently, most of what was known about the world of private surveillance companies was a matter of hearsay and speculation. Industry players kept a low profile, operating discreetly from rented offices and meeting potential customers in person a few times a year at carefully screened trade shows. This is why it was so notable when, in July 2015, an unusual tweet appeared in Hacking Team’s Twitter feed. “Since we have nothing to hide,” it read, “we’re publishing all our emails, files and source code. ” Then came another tweet, with links to a downloadable file called Hacked Team. The file was huge, 420 gigabytes of material scraped from Hacking Team’s internal servers. Inside were 33 folders containing the company’s contracts, payroll documents, invoices, legal memos,   records and a   cache of email correspondence from the chief executive on down. Hacking Team had itself been hacked. WikiLeaks pounced on the breach and quickly uploaded the emails into a searchable database. Anyone with an internet connection could now read the chief executive joking about how his company was in the business of selling “the evilest technology on earth. ” You could browse Hacking Team’s source code, including one line using “bomb_blueprints. pdf” as a placeholder for files that might be found on a target’s device. On Reddit, an online peanut gallery formed around the   online habits of one Hacking Team engineer and his own notably weak passwords  —   HTPassword! P4ssword, Passw0rd. But the most damaging exposures in the leak by far were Hacking Team’s client list and the names of some of the clients’ targets. In South Korea, newspapers focused on evidence suggesting that Hacking Team’s software had helped the nation’s intelligence service rig an election after the leak, one agent who had reportedly used the system there committed suicide. In Ecuador, a magazine found an email with seven phone numbers that the government appeared to have targeted with the R. C. S. Three belonged to lawmakers a fourth to the mayor of Quito all four were members of the opposition party. With the source code for the Remote Control System now public, the company and its clients had to stop using it temporarily. By the end of the year, though, Hacking Team had updated its product and was trying to rebuild its reputation. I was curious whether a company that profited from online breaches could recover from its own. Eric Rabe, the American spokesman, sounded eager to meet me for coffee in Philadelphia. A grandfather and former   anchor, he exudes   credibility. “If you disagree with someone on the internet,” he said, of the Hacked Team files, with a wave of his hand, “there’s no need to have a   debate. Just go destroy them. ” A couple of months later, I went to Milan to visit Hacking Team’s headquarters, a stately gray apartment building with boxes of limp flowers adorning a few of its sooty sills. Waiting to demonstrate the company’s software were Rabe Philippe Vinci, a company vice president and Alessandro Scarafile, a young engineer. Scarafile had gathered a Dell desktop computer and three smartphones: iPhone, BlackBerry and Android. The screen from his own laptop, which represented the console of a client intelligence agency, was projected on the wall. Several icons represented the various streams of data that could potentially be acquired by gaining control of the target’s computer: images from   cameras, sound from   mikes, screenshots, detailed records of applications opened and bitcoins transferred, a continuous log of location with latitude and longitude, and logs of address books, calendars, phone calls, Skype calls and passwords, as well as websites visited. A key logger recorded every key that was pressed. It was a lot to keep track of. Two other views, called “line of events” and “line of actions,” assembled the information into chronological order. Scarafile, who was playing both the customer and the target, or “bad guy,” turned on the Dell. Judging by the background on the desktop, a gothic scene framed by castlelike silhouettes, our target seemed to be planning a terrorist attack from Transylvania. There are three methods, Scarafile explained, for getting the Remote Control System onto a target’s device. Customers can gain physical access to the device and then infect it with a USB stick or memory card. They can beam the R. C. S. in over a   network. Or they can send the customer an email and get him to click on an infected attachment  —   usually a file from a   program like Microsoft Word or PowerPoint. Scarafile did not mention a fourth method, one described by Hacking Team’s critics and referred to in its internal emails: the installation of the R. C. S. through a more elaborate process called “network injection,” which is said to involve pinpointing the target’s exact location on the internet, observing the person as he orders up, say, a YouTube cat video, and then serving up a doctored version of the same page, one with the desired cat video playing in the foreground  —   YouTube logo and all  —   as the R. C. S. discreetly rolls in past the digital gates. Whatever the method of infection, the malicious code, known as an “agent,” then communicates with its masters anonymously, its dispatches routed through a series of dedicated servers scattered around the world. Even if the target gets suspicious and figures out that something is wrong, this chain of servers makes it nearly impossible for him to figure out exactly who is using Hacking Team’s product to spy on him. For the demo, Scarafile opted for the third method, which he referred to as “a bit of social engineering. ” Using the customer’s computer, he sent the target an email with a Word file attached. Then he returned to the target’s computer and   on it, just as Lagunes had clicked on the link in her inbox. “From now on,” he said, “this system is currently infected, or monitored, by the Remote Control System. ” It would remain so even if the suspect turned off his machine or logged out. On the timeline, the target appeared as a stubbly lout in an undershirt, named “Jimmy Page . .. head of the terrorist cell. ” Using Jimmy Page’s Dell, Scarafile logged into Page’s Gmail, Facebook and Twitter. He opened up Skype, perused Page’s criminal colleagues (Don Corleone, Harry Potter, Keyser Soze) and left one of them a voice mail message from Page’s phone. Accessing a USB drive attached to the infected computer, Scarafile opened an encrypted file that turned out to contain an order to “kill David Vincenzetti. ” R. C. S. captured it all, including periodic snapshots of Scarafile, as Page, at work. “I don’t like the words ‘inject’ and ‘infect,’’u2009” Vinci, the vice president, said. “R. C. S. is deploying the agent into the device of the target because you want to monitor some of his activities. Exactly the way that law enforcement is listening to some of your phone calls, right?” Rabe had told me that Vincenzetti was “a fighter,” and his combative side was apparent from a collage of magazine clippings and printouts taped to the wall beside his desk  —   a sort of mood board, like those used in the advertising industry to gather inspiration before the unveiling of a new brand. Vincenzetti’s mood board, though, wasn’t about sneakers or cola. It was about the global struggle for power, which he seemed to envision as one big conflict, a battle between the good guys and the bad guys. On the good side was a photo of the bell that aspiring Navy SEALs can ring should they want to quit the program during Hell Week, and a quote from another entrepreneur that “business is war. ” On the bad side, Vincenzetti had taped up a satellite image showing one of the hottest zones of international tension, the artificial islands rising in the South China Sea, a line of terrestrial pawns advancing China’s sphere of influence. Beside it was a chart about Iran, depicting how the country could continue to advance its nuclear program despite the recent   deal. “I think the Iran deal is just terrible,” Vincenzetti said, and then added, sarcastically, “Oh, it’s such a very peaceful expansion. Very peaceful. ” “That is not an official company position,” Rabe interjected. Vincenzetti, now 48, is a familiar type  —   a ferociously competitive, driven entrepreneur whose existence is organized around his work. He has a wife, who was born in Morocco, and no children. His small,   eyes can make him seem sleepily blasé. On the morning we met at Hacking Team’s offices, he wore jeans, a   cardigan and a striped shirt, unbuttoned to midchest. He seemed more comfortable on his feet than sitting down. As we talked in a conference room, he periodically leapt to his feet and stalked around the table, considering in turn the espresso machine, the view from the window, a case of bottled water. “If I wanted to break into this room, how would I do it?” he asked. “There is a door, and there are two windows. ” He pressed his hands against the glass panes. “The perimeter is the first thing you must secure,” he continued. Securing data was what he did earlier in his career. Now he had moved on. “If you cannot break into a bank, you cannot protect a bank. So when you are in security, really there is no difference between thinking offensively and defensively. ” In the   Vincenzetti’s parents, a salesman and a schoolteacher, bought him a Commodore 64, one of the earliest personal computers. He soon created a   clone, a Tron   game and a   adventure game. As a   student at the University of Milan in the ’90s, he became fascinated by cryptography he corresponded with programmers around the world about new cryptographic theories and wrote code for email encryption. In his senior year, he was appointed to administer the university’s internal network, a post that was usually reserved for a graduate student. Vincenzetti remembers these early days as a time when “everything was free and no one was trying to harm you. We were wide open and accessible. All the best were called hackers, and I was a hacker. ” Vincenzetti left university early and founded three companies, all of them focused on defensive cybersecurity. After he founded Hacking Team in 2003, he tried to sell his services to Italian police agencies but found them skeptical that Mafiosi and other   criminals would ever bother to encrypt their communications. In Italy, the police were also used to getting whatever they needed through wiretaps, arranged with varying degrees of formality through their contacts at telecommunications firms. But after the 2004 Madrid train bombings, which were coordinated via cellphones and the internet, police officers and intelligence agents not just in Italy but all across Europe became interested in contracting with   vendors, part of an emerging arms race over   encryption. The growth of Skype made it easy for users to encrypt their communications, and the authorities were eager to pay for countermeasures like the Remote Control System. Singapore, Hacking Team’s first   client, signed on in 2008. The company’s Middle Eastern business took off in 2011, a boom that coincided with the beginning of the Arab Spring. By then, Hacking Team had entered a growth phase, its business driven in part by demand among   governments for   surveillance tools. According to two former employees, the company held talks with Col. Muammar  ’s chief security officer, who wanted to build a countrywide   scheme that could be embedded in every Libyan cellphone. (Rabe would not confirm or deny that this meeting occurred, and added: “The company often receives requests to provide services that it does not have available or would sell. ”) The United Nations, which prohibits the export of “electronic weaponry” to Sudan, has investigated Hacking Team’s activities there. Nineteen members of the Italian Parliament signed a petition raising the question of whether the Egyptian government might have used the R. C. S. to track Giulio Regeni, a    Italian student who appears to have been under government surveillance and whose mutilated body turned up on the side of a road in Egypt last year. Hacking Team’s software has not been connected to the case, but the company has done business with the current Egyptian regime. As part of the controversy, the Italian government temporarily revoked Hacking Team’s global export license, so that for several months the company had to file a separate application for each of its customers outside the European Union. (When I brought up the Regeni case with Rabe, he called the dead student “this Italian national who got himself killed in Egypt. ” He cited Hacking Team’s official policy  —   the company neither knows nor desires to know the identities of the people its customers choose to target. “There is no evidence that Hacking Team’s software had anything to do with Regeni’s demise,” Rabe said.) All Hacking Team customers sign contracts agreeing to comply with local laws. The company says that it vets potential customers and studies reports from journalists and   groups, looking for “objective evidence or credible concerns” that its products are being abused. But when it comes to Hacking Team’s own interactions with customers, leaked documents suggest that employees have sometimes turned a blind eye. In the case of the Puebla government and other Latin American customers, Hacking Team employees appeared to ignore warnings suggesting that the Remote Control System was being used to gather intelligence on the political opposition. On multiple occasions, customers emailed Hacking Team attachments with   content, including polling data, party registration forms and invitations addressed to and signed by elected officials. Rather than ask what these files had to do with fighting crime and drug trafficking, Hacking Team   members simply emailed them back, as requested, with an embedded “exploit,” turning the document into a surveillance tool to be used against whomever it was sent on to. Asked about these cases, Rabe replied that customers “are not supposed to be using it for political purposes, but I don’t think it’s reasonable to expect that an Italian computer programmer,” i. e. a support technician, “would have seen these files and known what was going on. . .. I think that’s a stretch, that an Italian software guy could know that an individual is a dissident. ” Hacking Team’s most persistent critic is Citizen Lab, a research group at the University of Toronto’s Munk School of Global Affairs. Before the Hacked Team leak, Citizen Lab documented cases in which Hacking Team software turned up on the devices of activists in Morocco and the United Arab Emirates, as well as an   journalist in Alexandria, Va. Ronald Deibert, Citizen Lab’s director, told me that Hacking Team “is a company that appears to have no internal controls on abuse of its products. ” When I asked Vincenzetti about this, he said that Citizen Lab was motivated by money, noting that the group won a   grant a week after publishing a report on Hacking Team’s sales to Ethiopia. “Their identity,” he said, “is: ‘I am the defender of free speech, I am the defender of liberty and democracy.’ O. K. So am I. So is every rational guy. ” If Citizen Lab really cared about good and evil, he said, it would be fighting China and Iran. Almost immediately after the Hacked Team documents went online, they were being pored over by R3D, a Mexico     group. Luis Fernando García, R3D’s director, says that intimidation and online surveillance have increased under Peña Nieto’s presidency, and he took notice when Citizen Lab, in 2014, released a report that traced a chain of servers associated with Hacking Team that routed data through Hong Kong, London, Amsterdam and Atlanta before terminating somewhere inside Mexico. Exactly who was on the receiving end of the traffic and what they were doing with it was unknown at the time, but now R3D’s team recognized that this could be their chance to find out. Shortly thereafter, R3D published three invoices from the Hacked Team cache showing that one state government  —   that of Jalisco, on the Pacific Coast  —   had paid the company nearly half a million euros for the Remote Control System. Soon other documents were found in the leak to implicate several more states, including Puebla, though most of the states denied ever using the software. (Jalisco later admitted to purchasing the system, which it claimed was for its prosecutor’s office.) The story failed to get much traction in the Mexican press, except in Puebla, after R3D connected with Lado B, a small   collective there. The site’s name translates to “B Side,” as in the back of a hit single  —   symbolizing its dedication to telling stories that would otherwise go untold. Lado B’s editor, Ernesto Aroche, was not surprised that Puebla’s government had been using the Remote Control System. In Moreno Valle’s six years as governor there, he has spent lavishly on new surveillance systems, including multiple “security arches,”   structures that scrutinize traffic with video cameras and   and whose cost had raised some questions in the local press. Beginning in 2013, Aroche began noticing solicitations on the   website for hidden cameras and other spying equipment. When he filed a   request about them, the government’s form response indicated that these orders had never been filled, but Aroche was skeptical, given the mounting evidence that Moreno Valle’s administration had begun using its security apparatus for political purposes. There were periodic   of homes belonging to dissident politicians and journalists, with the burglars sometimes taking little besides their victims’ laptops. Politicians would answer calls from unknown numbers, only to hear their own taped conversations played back to them. Another journalist, Fernando Maldonado, received an unmarked envelope full of what were purportedly transcripts of 400 private phone calls made by Puebla politicians. As Aroche and R3D sifted through the Hacked Team file dump, they discovered that the files on Puebla had more detail than those dealing with Hacking Team’s other Mexican accounts. The Puebla client often wrote emails asking for help with infecting a particular document with a malicious virus. Some of these came from an account  —   soporteuiamx@gmail. com  —   that also appears in many of Hacking Team’s internal support tickets. One of those tickets documents a client’s request for help in infecting an attachment: an invitation to attend an event for a Mexican political organization, signed by Violeta Lagunes and addressed to another party colleague opposed to the governor. Aroche interviewed politicians and journalists who were on the receiving end of the infected emails contained in the Hacked Team trove. According to a 2015 article that Lado B published in conjunction with a politics website, the Puebla group sent Hacking Team at least 47 requests to infect specific files that it would then forward on to their targets. Almost all of those files had to do with political issues. Going through the Hacked Team materials, Aroche found the name of a Puebla government employee who seemed to be working within the spying operation. “Before, we had been talking about ghosts,” Aroche told me. “Now, we could prove it. We started putting names on the actors. ” More than a year later, there have been no political repercussions for the governor or his allies in Puebla. I met Aroche this fall at the Lado B offices, a small room facing a courtyard in a crumbling stone building from Puebla’s colonial days. The only suggestion of Lado B’s presence was a small sticker on the window. Inside, Aroche was thumbing through an envelope of documents that he had wrung out of the state government. Two redacted contracts signed by Puebla officials showed an arrangement between the state government and a company called Sym Servicios Integrales, which Aroche’s reporting had identified as an intermediary for Hacking Team. The details of what had been purchased were redacted. “These contracts demonstrate that the Puebla government had a commercial relationship with this company,” Aroche said. “I’m sorry if they’re a little bit stained  —   I dropped some coffee on them. ” (Sym Servicios Integrales says it “never sold H. T. technology to the state of Puebla. ”) In a brief written statement from Sagrario Conde Valerio, a spokeswoman, the government of Puebla denied allegations of spying and claimed that “no relationship exists nor has ever existed between the government of Puebla and the company ‘Hacking Team. ’’u2009” The government declined to respond further to a list of questions. But a former official from Moreno Valle’s administration claimed to me that more than $1 million was being diverted from the state budget each year to fund the   unit. Documents from the Hacked Team archive indicate that Hacking Team received an order from the government of Puebla for 415, 000 euros in the spring of 2013, and that Hacking Team booked hotel rooms for three of its associates who traveled to Puebla in May of that year. Some of the R. C. S. training, I was told, took place in a green building on a residential street. When I visited the purported site this fall, lettering above the door said that the building was once a school. Now it had bars across the door and mirrored windows. Neighbors told me it had been abandoned for several months. “People would come and go,” one woman said. “They were very secretive. They would drop off equipment, take away equipment. Then one day, about a year ago, they came and took everything away and left. ” Another neighbor said that he often saw a   car parked in front of the house and a man with a limp entering and leaving  —   a former Mexican intelligence agent, according to someone who was present during the Hacking Team training. Mexico is Hacking Team’s biggest export market, accounting for nearly six million euros in sales, according to leaked documents. Ostensibly, the Remote Control System is intended for fighting criminals and drug traffickers there. (“There have been reports that the software was used in the apprehension of Chapo Guzman,” Rabe told me, referring to the Mexican drug lord. “I can’t confirm it. ”) The files indicate that at least seven other Mexican state governments were Hacking Team clients, but because they did not use email to the same extent as Puebla, their activities are harder to track. Multiple former Hacking Team employees told me that abuses of the software were not limited to Puebla. One former employee described having the system set up inside a mayor’s office. Katitza Rodríguez,   director at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, says that Mexican law allows for interception of communication, like the wiretapping of phone lines, but it does not grant precise legal authority to use new, powerful invasive tools like those created by Hacking Team. And she argues that it is much more dangerous in Mexico than in other Western countries, where checks and balances are stronger. “This is much more intrusive than the interception of a phone call,” she said. “They are not only listening they are taking over your laptop. Mexico needs to have a full debate in Congress about what legal safeguards are needed for this kind of surveillance or if the government should be using it at all. ” The Hacked Team files indicate that in   Hacking Team opened an American subsidiary and leased office space in Reston, Va. a   drive from the C. I. A. ’s headquarters. The company drew up a “U. S. action plan,” calling for a significant North American expansion, with new hires and rounds of pitches to the Department of Justice, the United States military and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. Hacking Team was also targeting another potentially lucrative market: American state and local governments. It pitched the R. C. S. to   agencies in San Bernardino, Calif. Washington New York Fort Lauderdale and Orlando. In a risk assessment commissioned by the company, lawyers advised that such sales were probably legal, so long as the product was provided “at a distance” from actual investigations and used “in the normal course of government operations. ” American expansion by companies like Hacking Team may not face much resistance from the federal government, which is becoming more accepting of electronic surveillance as part of normal police work. Last year, the Justice Department successfully changed the rules of criminal procedure, making it easier for federal agents to hack into multiple computers with a single warrant. Senator Steve Daines of Montana, who tried to block the change, complained that it gives “unlimited power for unlimited hacking. ” In a 2014 address, now referred to in cybersecurity circles as his “Going Dark” speech, the F. B. I. ’s director, James Comey, argued that the encryption built into Apple products posed a threat to public safety  —   enabling not only terrorism but also drug trafficking, child abuse and   . Instead of “a safe that can’t be cracked,” Comey wanted technology companies to lend him the combination. “The law hasn’t kept pace with technology, and this disconnect has created a significant   problem,” Comey said. “We call it ‘going dark. ’’u2009” As the United States government has argued for weaker protections around personal communications, American businesses have been spreading more powerful surveillance tools around the world. Many foreign   agencies already buy   products from SS8  —   a company backed by the storied   firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers  —   as well as from the Harris Corporation, a $13 billion company based in Florida and traded on the New York Stock Exchange. At least 25 American police departments have used Harris’s Stingray device, which mimics cellphone towers and can intercept cellphone calls within 200 meters. All known sales of Stingrays to local law enforcement have been authorized by the F. B. I. which has since fought in court to keep those sales secret. In Baltimore alone, Stingrays have been used more than 4, 000 times, in routine drug investigations. Much less is known about another Harris product, the advanced Hailstorm, which is also sold to local police departments. Hailstorm is reportedly capable of implanting malware that can take control of a targeted phone, much like Hacking Team’s R. C. S. The Hacked Team documents that offer the most revealing view of the company’s ethos happen to be the most public ones. For years, as often as two or three times a day, Vincenzetti sent mass emails to hundreds of his business contacts. The recipients included numerous members of the United States military and intelligence community, as well as government employees from the city of Cincinnati and the Internal Revenue Service. In these messages, Vincenzetti often addresses this audience collectively as “gents. ” The news he cites is a reminder of how the geopolitical winds have been blowing in favor of Hacking Team and other   allies of law and order. In Vincenzetti’s world, the system is always, as George Tenet famously said about  . 11 intelligence, “blinking red”: the imploding Middle East a restive,   Russia battalions of   jihadis roaming around Europe with their encrypted thumb drives and   expertise. Against this backdrop of   danger, concerns about human rights are naïve at best. Vincenzetti’s emails vividly exploit this sense of danger and alarm. He writes about shadowy gangs of Iranian hackers using the #JeSuisCharlie hashtag to inject malware into French laptops. He celebrates the conviction of Ross Ulbricht, a. k. a. the Dread Pirate Roberts, creator of the Silk Road website. After the arrests of two Uzbek men in Brooklyn for telling informants that they wanted to join up with ISIS, Vincenzetti writes of “a very serious terrorist plot on American soil foiled. ” He went on to tap out this sales pitch: The following day, he gave a few more hints: The tone of Vincenzetti’s sales patter was strangely upbeat, especially considering his dire forecasts. It was almost as if he were in the business of selling microwave ovens or sandwiches, not tools through which the private lives of criminals (and whoever else) could be fully laid bare. Vincenzetti’s unstated equation  —   privacy is secrecy, and secrecy is terrorism  —   is less controversial than it might appear. A supportive echo can be heard in many public statements from American officials, which Vincenzetti often cut and pasted into his mass emails. The former attorney general Eric Holder called for “investigative and prosecutorial tools that allow us to be  . ” When Comey warned that “encryption threatens to lead all of us to a very dark place,” Vincenzetti forwarded it along approvingly, with the tagline: “We DO have an answer to many if not all of his concerns. ” And when, in May 2015, Comey warned of a “threat” that had “morphed” into “a chaotic spider web,” Vincenzetti sent word to his “gents” as well. One month later, an anonymous hack revealed Hacking Team’s own invisible spider web, and one year later, during the   to Election Day, came the internal emails of the Democratic Party. By then it was clear that tools for digital burglary had spread well beyond the hands of regular police officers. Comey had argued for weaker safes Vincenzetti was selling longer crowbars. They could be used to chase Jimmy Page, arrest Chapo Guzman, fight crime, smear a political opponent or just keep tabs on someone, anyone. To be hidden is to be a terrorist  —   this was the heart of his pitch. Any digital redoubt that could resist being pried open was a public risk and a private opportunity."
72,17367,Why Men Don’t Want the Jobs Done Mostly by Women - The New York Times,New York Times,Claire Cain Miller,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"It hasn’t been a great time to be a man without a job. The jobs that have been disappearing, like machine operator, are predominantly those that men do. The occupations that are growing, like health aide, employ mostly women. One solution is for the men who have lost jobs in factories to become health aides. But while more than a fifth of American men aren’t working, they aren’t running to these new   jobs. Why? They require very different skills, and pay a lot less. They’re also seen as women’s work, which has always been devalued in the American labor market. The two occupations predicted by the Bureau of Labor Statistics to decline most quickly from 2014 to 2024 are locomotive firers, shrinking 70 percent, and vehicle electronics installers and repairers, down 50 percent. They are 96 percent and 98 percent male. Of the   jobs, many are various types of health aides, which are about 90 percent female. When men take these     jobs, they have more job security and wage growth than in   work, according to recent research. But they are paid less and feel stigmatized. “The jobs being created are very different than the jobs being eliminated,” said David Autor, an economist at M. I. T. “I’m not worried about whether there will be jobs. I’m very worried about whether there will be jobs for   adults, especially the males, who seem very reluctant to take the new jobs. ” Take Tracy Dawson, 53, a welder in St. Clair, Mo. He lost several jobs, some because his employers took the work to China and Mexico and others because the workers were replaced by robots. He has heard the promises of   jobs in the health care field: His daughter trained to be a medical technician. But he never considered it. “I ain’t gonna be a nurse I don’t have the tolerance for people,” he said. “I don’t want it to sound bad, but I’ve always seen a woman in the position of a nurse or some kind of health care worker. I see it as more of a woman’s touch. ” Also, health aides earn a median wage of $10. 50 an hour. Mr. Dawson used to earn $18 an hour making railroad traction motors. “I was a welder  —   that’s all I know how to do,” said Mr. Dawson, who is living on disability insurance because he has rheumatoid arthritis. Women were hit harder than men by the decline in   jobs, according to Mr. Autor. But they have more easily moved into the expanding occupations, and earn more college degrees than men. Women have always entered   fields  —   usually   professional ones  —   more than men enter   ones. There are now many female lawyers, but male nurses are still rare. One reason is that jobs done by women, especially caregiving jobs, have always had lower pay and lower status. Yet when men, especially white men, enter   fields, they are paid more and promoted faster than women, a phenomenon known as the glass escalator. Much of men’s resistance to   jobs is tied up in the culture of masculinity, say people who study the issue. Women are assumed to be empathetic and caring men are supposed to be strong, tough and able to support a family. “Traditional masculinity is standing in the way of   men’s employment, and I think it’s a problem,” said Andrew Cherlin, a sociologist and public policy professor at Johns Hopkins and author of “Labor’s Love Lost: The Rise and Fall of the   Family in America. ” “We have a cultural lag where our views of masculinity have not caught up to the change in the job market,” he said. But telling   men to take feminine jobs plays to their anxieties and comes off as condescending, said Joan Williams, a law professor at U. C. Hastings and author of “Reshaping the   Debate: Why Men and Class Matter. ” “White   men’s wages have plummeted, and what happens to men in that context is anxieties about whether they’re ‘real men,’ ” she said. It’s no surprise, then, that Donald J. Trump appealed to men who feel this way  —   not just his promises to bring back factory jobs, but also his machismo. Many unemployed men who did manual labor say they can’t take the time and make the effort to train for a new career because they have bills to pay. And they say they chose their original careers because they wanted to build things, not take care of people. Lawrence Katz, an economist at Harvard, has a term for this: “retrospective wait unemployment,” or “looking for the job you used to have. ” “It’s not a skill mismatch, but an identity mismatch,” he said. “It’s not that they couldn’t become a health worker, it’s that people have backward views of what their identity is. ” Jon Ray, 31, of Inez, Ky. was an electrician at a coal mine until it was shuttered a year ago. He applied unsuccessfully for maintenance and repair jobs, and got a job in manufacturing after enrolling in a program to learn how to operate computerized tools.   jobs weren’t an option, he said. “I couldn’t afford to go back to school,” he said. “And I’m used to working with my hands. ” If more men do   jobs, they could erase the stigma and turn them into men’s jobs, said Janette Dill, a sociologist at the University of Akron, at least for jobs that require less   caregiving. “More men will go into care because they don’t have a choice, but they’re going to carve out spaces for themselves that feel less like women’s work,” she said. Ms. Dill was a   of a study published in April that looked at what happens when men move into   jobs in the health care field. Men in the   health jobs, like the nursing assistants who change patients’ sheets and help them bathe, earned 10 percent less than men in   jobs. But they were less likely to be laid off and their wages rose over time, while   wages were stagnant. Technical health care jobs like ultrasound technician  —   requiring more training but not a college degree  —   paid 22 percent more than other   jobs, after controlling for things like education. They involve less interaction with patients and more with computers, so they are less stereotypically feminine. There is an education and race divide among the men who take these jobs, the study found. Black men were 3. 3 times as likely as white men to take the   health jobs, and other minority men were 1. 8 times as likely. White men were more likely to take the   technical jobs. For men without college degrees, more technical training that equips them for those jobs could help. And if health aide jobs paid more and offered better benefits, they’d probably attract more men. Some hospitals are trying to make caregiving jobs seem manly  —   like with a recruitment poster comparing the “adrenaline rush” of being an operating room nurse to mountain climbing. Perhaps then men could take the same pride in their work that Mr. Dawson, the unemployed welder, showed when he talked about making pilings for the rebuilt World Trade Center. “I had a good life as a welder,” he said. “It always amused me. That’s one reason I picked the job. ”"
73,17368,Apple Removes New York Times Apps From Its Store in China - The New York Times,New York Times,Katie Benner and Sui-Lee Wee,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"Apple, complying with what it said was a request from Chinese authorities, removed news apps created by The New York Times from its app store in China late last month. The move limits access to one of the few remaining channels for readers in mainland China to read The Times without resorting to special software. The government began blocking The Times’s websites in 2012, after a series of articles on the wealth amassed by the family of Wen Jiabao, who was then prime minister, but it had struggled in recent months to prevent readers from using the   app. Apple removed both the   and   apps from the app store in China on Dec. 23. Apps from other international publications, including The Financial Times and The Wall Street Journal, were still available in the app store. “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Fred Sainz, an Apple spokesman, said of the Times apps. “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China. ” Mr. Sainz declined to comment on what local regulations the Times apps were said to have violated, who had contacted Apple and when, and whether a court order or other legal document had been presented. China’s main internet regulator, the Cyberspace Administration of China, did not respond to faxed questions. The Times bureau in Beijing said it had not been contacted by the Chinese government about the matter. A Times spokeswoman in New York, Eileen Murphy, said the company had asked Apple to reconsider its decision. “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country, coverage which is no different from the journalism we do about every other country in the world,” Ms. Murphy said in a statement. The request appears to have been made under regulations released in June 2016 called Provisions on the Administration of Mobile Internet Application Information Services. The regulations say apps cannot “engage in activities prohibited by laws and regulations such as endangering national security, disrupting social order and violating the legitimate rights and interests of others. ” The cyberspace administration says on its website that apps also cannot publish “prohibited” information. The ruling Communist Party tightly controls media inside China and employs one of the world’s most sophisticated systems of internet censorship. Chinese law prohibits the publication of “harmful information” online, and officials often take action without legal procedures or court orders against material they deem objectionable. Apple has previously removed other, less prominent media apps from its China store. It is unclear how the company evaluates requests from Beijing to take down apps and whether it ever resists them. Apple’s chief executive, Timothy D. Cook, has said that the company complies with all local laws. While in early 2016 Apple resisted a court request in the United States for it to help federal officials unlock an iPhone for a criminal investigation, Mr. Cook said he would obey whatever order the court ultimately handed down. In the end, the government was able to unlock the device without Apple’’s help and the case was dropped. Farzana Aslam, associate director of the Center for Comparative and Public Law at the University of Hong Kong, noted that in matters involving customer privacy, Apple requires governments to submit subpoenas, search warrants or other legal documents. “Maybe in the end they have to do it, but I think there’s something to be said about standing up for what you believe in and purporting to put principle before profit in a country like China, to show that actually there is this tension there,” Ms. Aslam said. “It’s not as simple as, ‘Because we operate in your jurisdiction, we’ll do anything you ask of us. ’” She added that it was “very worrying” that Apple had not disclosed what laws the authorities said were violated, making it difficult for The Times and other publishers to file an appeal or challenge the government’s requests. In the weeks leading up to the withdrawal of the Times apps, The Times was working on various articles related to the Chinese government. One of them, posted online on Dec. 29, revealed the billions of dollars in hidden perks and subsidies that the Chinese government provides to the world’s biggest iPhone factory. China is also one of Apple’s largest iPhone markets, though sales in that region have slowed. On Dec. 23, David Barboza, a Times reporter, spoke with members of Apple’s media team about the article. Mr. Barboza had previously been in touch with the iPhone factory owner, Foxconn. He had also contacted the Chinese government as part of his reporting. Later that day, a separate team from Apple informed The Times that the apps would be removed, Ms. Murphy said. In another article, published on Dec. 22 as a post on its Sinosphere blog, The Times described an   internet video that had been widely promoted by Chinese public security offices. The Times news apps remain available in Apple’s app stores for other countries, as well as the Hong Kong and Taiwan stores, but people must have a credit card with a billing address outside mainland China to download them. The Times crossword puzzle and virtual reality apps remain available throughout China. When the Chinese government began blocking the Times websites in 2012, it also prevented users with Times apps from downloading new content. But readers in China can still gain access to The Times using software that circumvents the government’s firewall. And in July 2015, The Times released a new version of its   app that adopted a different method for retrieving articles, one that the government appeared unable to stop. Apple’s decision to remove the app from its China store should not affect those who have already installed it. But users in China will not be able to download new releases unless they use another region’s app store. The Times discovered after being blocked in 2012 that hackers with possible ties to the Chinese military had targeted the newspaper’s computer systems and that the attacks coincided with the reporting for that Times investigation. Foreign tech companies face increasing pressure from government authorities in China. In April, Apple’s iBooks Store and iTunes Movies were shut down in the country, just six months after they were introduced there. Mark Natkin, the   managing director of Marbridge Consulting, who advises American technology firms in China, said he did not think any such company entering the Chinese market could “ever fully comprehend how challenging it’s going to be. ” Mr. Natkin said that Apple had a certain amount of leverage against the Chinese government in terms of the total amount of jobs created but that “the technology gap has started to close. ”"
74,17369,"Fed Officials See Faster Economic Growth Under Trump, but No Boom - The New York Times",New York Times,Binyamin Appelbaum,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Federal Reserve officials expect Donald J. Trump’s election to result in somewhat faster economic growth over the next several years, but they see little chance of the boom Mr. Trump has promised, according to an account of the Fed’s most recent meeting in  . That is in part because the Fed plans to raise interest rates more quickly if growth accelerates. For now, however, Fed officials plan to wait and see what happens next, the account said. “While the Fed signaled that it would likely respond to expansionary fiscal policies with a faster pace of rate hikes, the Fed believes it is too early to embed this into its baseline,” Michael Gapen, chief United States economist at Barclays, wrote on Wednesday following the release of the minutes. “Any real shift in the stance of monetary policy will require more clarity on the stance of fiscal policy. ” At the December meeting, the Fed raised its benchmark rate for just the second time since 2008, citing the continued expansion of the economy and the steady decline of unemployment. The Fed debated and delayed that increase for most of last year, but the account published on Wednesday  —   after a standard   delay  —   described the final decision as uncontroversial. Officials instead spent the meeting talking about what comes next. Mr. Trump has promised a bevy of major changes in economic policy, including tax cuts and spending increases, reductions in regulation, and restrictions on trade and immigration. As a result, the account said, Fed officials regard both faster growth and slower growth as more likely than before the election, when the economy seemed locked into its longstanding pattern of slow and steady growth. “The job of conducting U. S. monetary policy has not become any easier over recent months,” said James Marple, senior economist at TD Bank, referring to the increased uncertainty. The Fed, led by Janet L. Yellen, the chairwoman, predicted in December that it would raise rates three times this year. The account said officials were not yet ready to predict how the pace of rate increases might change as a result of new policies pursued by Mr. Trump and Congress. “Participants emphasized their uncertainty about the timing, size and composition of any future fiscal and other economic policy initiatives as well as about how those policies might affect aggregate demand and supply,” the minutes said. The Fed’s   committee, the Federal Open Market Committee, has 17 members, 10 of whom cast votes on monetary policy. The Fed’s caution amounts to a bias in favor of growth. The economy is expanding at roughly the pace Fed officials regard as sustainable. The work force is growing slowly as more baby boomers retire, and productivity is rising slowly. Two percent growth may be about as good as it gets. Ms. Yellen has warned that fiscal stimulus, like a tax cut or a spending increase, could increase economic growth to an unsustainable pace in the near term, resulting in increased inflation. The Fed quite likely would seek to offset such policies by raising interest rates more quickly. Instead of acting   the Fed is choosing to wait for more information. But the minutes said officials were concerned about the challenge of communicating their increased uncertainty. They want to be clear that the Fed’s prediction about the pace of rate increases depends on its prediction about economic growth. Faster growth will mean faster increases. The account said Fed officials were confident in their ability to raise rates quickly enough to prevent overheating, seeing “only a modest risk” of a “sharp acceleration in prices. ” By holding rates at low levels, the Fed has sought to increase economic growth by encouraging borrowing and   higher rates reduce the stimulative effect. The benchmark rate now sits in a range from 0. 5 percent to 0. 75 percent, still very low by historical standards. “Consumers have no reason to panic about the rate hike last month, or even about additional rate increases in 2017,” said Alan MacEachin, chief corporate economist at Navy Federal Credit Union. He noted that the last rate hike would add $1 to the monthly payment on a $5, 000 credit card balance. The economic forecast prepared by the Fed’s staff for the December meeting anticipated that Mr. Trump’s election would result in “slightly higher” growth over the next several years. It said a likely increase in fiscal stimulus would be “substantially counterbalanced” by higher interest rates and a stronger dollar, which would reduce exports of American goods and services. Several Fed officials reported that Mr. Trump’s election had increased optimism among business executives in their districts. “Some contacts thought that their businesses could benefit from possible changes in federal spending, tax and regulatory policies,” the minutes said. The minutes also noted, however, that some executives were concerned about the negative impact of proposed policy changes. In a recent interview, John Williams, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, said many executives in his district, which encompasses the western United States, worried about the potential impact of restrictions on immigration and on foreign trade, both of which have been important drivers of regional growth. Businesses across the country also reported increased difficulty in hiring qualified workers, the minutes said. The unemployment rate fell to just 4. 6 percent in November. The lack of readily available workers could further limit the benefits of a fiscal stimulus."
75,17370,"Rockefeller Foundation Picks Rajiv J. Shah, a Trustee, as President - The New York Times",New York Times,David Gelles,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"Rajiv J. Shah, a trustee of the Rockefeller Foundation, was asked about six months ago to join the committee that would select the foundation’s next president. He said no. Instead, Mr. Shah, who until recently had been the administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, ultimately said he wanted to be considered for the post. He got the job. On Thursday, the Rockefeller Foundation, one of the country’s largest and most influential philanthropies, will name Mr. Shah to succeed Judith Rodin, who has been president for 12 years. The appointment will make Mr. Shah one of the most powerful forces in charitable giving, overseeing a foundation that donates roughly $200 million each year and corrals governments, companies and organizations to contribute money and resources in tandem. Mr. Shah, 43, will be the first   to lead the Rockefeller Foundation, which has gained stature in recent years through some prominent projects but has sometimes been criticized as being more interested in its publicity than its grantees. Founded in 1913 by the oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller, the foundation says it has given away the equivalent of more than $17 billion in today’s dollars. Its first grant was to the American Red Cross, and it went on to play pivotal roles in establishing the field of public health, creating vaccines for yellow fever and malaria, and bringing agricultural advances to the developing world. In recent years, the foundation has focused on the themes of “resilience” and “inclusive economies. ” That has resulted in programs aimed at establishing “resilience officers” in 100 cities to focus on disaster relief and a plan that is sending 100, 000   students to see the musical “Hamilton. ” These efforts have struck critics as public relations stunts more than meaningful agents of change. And Ms. Rodin has drawn fire for spending too much time with corporate partners and not enough time with the recipients of grants. Much of the foundation’s work concerns improving health and   in Africa, aiding economic development in impoverished areas and developing strategies to combat climate change. It was these diverse causes that attracted Mr. Shah to the job. With advanced degrees in medicine and health finance from the University of Pennsylvania, Mr. Shah worked at the Bill  Melinda Gates Foundation for nearly a decade, rising to be director for agricultural development. From 2009 to 2015, he ran U. S. A. I. D. leading the response to disasters including the 2010 earthquake in Haiti and the 2014 Ebola outbreak in West Africa. After leaving the agency, he founded Latitude Capital, a private equity firm focused on emerging markets. In those roles, Mr. Shah said, he came to understand the power of   partnerships, a strategy that Ms. Rodin has embraced at the Rockefeller Foundation. “I’ve seen what’s possible when people come together,” he said in an interview this week. “We were able to save tens of thousands, if not millions, of lives. ” Ms. Rodin was not involved in the search for her successor but has known Mr. Shah for years. They worked together on an agricultural project when he was at the Gates Foundation, and he joined the Rockefeller Foundation board in 2015. “He’s a marvel,” Ms. Rodin said in an interview this week. “He’s very strategic and very innovative. He shows an interpersonal dexterity that is well beyond his years. ” Ms. Rodin said she believed that Mr. Shah was a good fit for the job thanks in part to his time at U. S. A. I. D. which required that he forge alliances with a vast array of governments, organizations and companies. “One of the things we tried to emphasize during my time at Rockefeller was broadening the scope of partnerships,” Ms. Rodin said. “We see in Raj someone who has the capacity to take advantage of this, and has the capacity to be a great partner. ” Richard Parsons, the chairman of the Rockefeller Foundation board, said Mr. Shah was the unanimous choice of the search committee after a competitive process that considered hundreds of candidates. “Raj is the perfect guy to come in after her,” Mr. Parsons said in an interview. “He’s a performer. You put him up in front of a group and people come away impressed. Now, he’s got a platform. ” Mr. Shah said he was committed to the broad themes of resilience and inclusive economies. “That core concept of resilience is extraordinarily important going forward,” he said. “It gives us the opportunity to evolve into the future. ” But he said he would look for opportunities to address schisms in the American electorate in this divisive political moment. “It is a different time today than it was 10 or 15 years ago,” he said. “We live in a more fractured world. ” The Rockefeller Foundation is viewed by some has having a liberal bent. During Ms. Rodin’s tenure, the foundation donated money to the Clinton Foundation. Mr. Shah is close with President Obama but said he maintained good relations with Republicans in the House and Senate and believed that the foundation’s core mission had bipartisan appeal. “It’s widely acknowledged that tackling hunger and ensuring health around the globe are in our own national interest,” Mr. Shah said. “I have always been passionate about delivering social justice results at a massive scale. ” He will now have a $200 million a year to try to deliver those results."
76,17371,"Philippines Jailbreak Frees More Than 150 Inmates, Prompting Manhunt - The New York Times",New York Times,Felipe Villamor,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"MANILA  —   A manhunt was underway Wednesday for more than 150 inmates who escaped from a jail in the southern Philippines after it came under attack by gunmen overnight. One guard was killed and another wounded in the assault on a jail in Kidapawan City on the   southern island of Mindanao, according to Peter Bungat, the warden. The gunmen were thought to be from a bandit group that had broken away from a Muslim rebel organization, Mr. Bungat told a radio station on Mindanao, which is home to a   insurgency. Five of the 158 inmates who escaped from the facility, the North Cotabato District Jail, were later killed in a shootout with pursuing officers, Senior Inspector Xavier Solda, a spokesman for the Philippine Bureau of Jail Management and Penology, told a radio station in Manila. A village official was also killed when he was mistaken for one of the escaped inmates, the police said. Mr. Bungat said the attack began early Wednesday, when the jail’s power supply was cut. Armed men then approached from behind the compound and began firing. “It was well planned,” Mr. Bungat said. He said it was unclear whether any “high profile” inmates were among the escapees. At least a dozen were involved in drug trafficking, according to officials from the jail management bureau. Mr. Bungat said the assault was believed to have been led by a bandit known as Commander Derbie, who once led a faction of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front, the Philippines’ largest rebel group. Commander Derbie is widely believed to have broken away from that organization, which has signed a peace deal with the government. Philippine security officials have said that Commander Derbie joined a breakaway group called the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters. A spokesman for that group, Abu Misry, denied any involvement in the jailbreak. Ernesto Abella, a spokesman for President Rodrigo Duterte, said there was no “specific information” as to the identities of the gunmen, “though speculation is rife. ” Three inmates who had been charged with possessing drugs and explosives escaped from the North Cotabato District Jail last August. Eight years ago, three inmates accused of carrying out a bombing also escaped from the jail."
77,17373,"Enough With the Tweets, China’s State Media Tells Trump - The New York Times",New York Times,Chris Buckley,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"BEIJING  —   China’s leaders thought they had a solution to the torrent of snark, jibes and condemnation on Twitter: They banned access to it at home. Yet China has become the country that   Donald J. Trump seems to enjoy criticizing the most on his    Twitter feed. In bursts of 140 characters or less, he has jabbed at Beijing over Taiwan, trade, the South China Sea and, most recently, North Korea. “China has been taking out massive amounts of money  wealth from the U. S. in totally   trade, but won’t help with North Korea. Nice!” Mr. Trump said on Twitter on Monday. How and when President Xi Jinping reads about these broadsides remains a mystery to outsiders. Translating Mr. Trump’s sarcasm  —   “Nice!”  —   could be tricky. But Chinese officials and the state news media want Mr. Trump to know that their leaders prefer doing diplomacy the   way, behind closed doors and muffled in platitudes. Xinhua, the state news agency, has more or less asked Mr. Trump to shut up. “An obsession with ‘Twitter foreign policy’ is undesirable,” read the headline of  a Xinhua commentary on Tuesday about Mr. Trump’s posts. “Everyone recognizes the common sense that foreign policy isn’t child’s play, and even less is it like doing business deals,” said the article, published after Mr. Trump’s latest barbed comments on China. “Twitter shouldn’t become an instrument of foreign policy,” the article said. Earlier that day, a spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs rejected Mr. Trump’s accusation that Beijing had coddled North Korea. But the article acknowledged that it was probably too late to detach Mr. Trump from Twitter. Mr. Trump’s designated press secretary, Sean Spicer, has indicated that Mr. Trump will keep using the terse, punchy format after he settles in the White House. “Issuing tweets has become a habit for Mr. Trump,” Xinhua noted. Mr. Trump, it said, appeared to assume that “issuing   comments and taking up sensitive issues may perhaps add to his chips for negotiating with other countries. ” Mr. Xi is most unlikely to joust directly with Mr. Trump on Twitter. The service has been banned in China since 2009, though residents find ways to poke through the firewall of censorship. And while Chinese politicians love slogans, they prefer to communicate with foreign leaders through long, tranquilizing disquisitions. Open sarcasm is rare. Sad!"
78,17374,Coming to Carnival Cruises: A Wearable Medallion That Records Your Every Whim - The New York Times,New York Times,Brooks Barnes,2017-01-04,2017.0,1.0,,"DORAL, Fla.  —   Inside a clandestine Carnival Corporation complex here, two former Disney executives have been plotting a drastic cruise industry overhaul. Their mission: Take lessons learned at Walt Disney World, where they helped bring about a $1 billion vacation management system involving   bracelets that link to personal information, and apply them to cruises. The result: Millions of passengers on Carnival ships will soon be using a similar but more advanced system that allows travelers to do everything from plan vacations to open stateroom doors to order poolside cocktails. “As long as bigger, newer, cooler ships have kept coming, the cruise industry has treated guest liabilities  —   standing in long lines, having a frustrating embarkation experience  —   as acceptable,” said John Padgett, who joined Carnival in 2014 as chief experience and innovation officer after 18 years at Disney. “That thinking stops now. ” Carnival, which operates more than 100 ships worldwide under 10 brands, will unveil its ambitious technology initiative on Thursday at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. In a keynote speech, Arnold W. Donald, Carnival’s chief executive, intends to announce that the system  —   an app called Ocean Compass paired with a     smart medallion that can be carried in a pocket or worn as jewelry  —   will arrive on the company’s Princess Cruises fleet this year. Mr. Donald declined in an interview to give a timeline for bringing the technology (code name: Trident) to other Carnival brands. But he emphasized that rolling out the personalized disks and app was a companywide priority. “The cost is in the hundreds of millions of dollars, and, over time, more than that,” Mr. Donald said. “People want the world to be organized around them. On vacation, even more so. ” Analysts expect the technology to increase profits in multiple ways, including allowing Carnival to charge more for tickets, particularly on older ships. Ease of purchase is another big component  —   cruisers will be able to pay for food, drinks and merchandise simply by having their credit   Ocean Medallion in their pocket. Carnival’s disks, each   with the guest’s name, will also power a new, shipwide gambling platform. And Carnival gift shops will be stocked with a wide array of jewelry, clips and key chains that passengers can buy to carry and display their disks. Carnival’s top rival, Royal Caribbean Cruises, already offers smartbands on   ships like the Anthem of the Seas. Called WOW bands, they serve as room keys, allow for wireless payment and make it faster and easier to embark and disembark. But Carnival says that its offering takes such systems much further, in part because its technology is designed to be invisible. Unlike with smartbands, there is no need to tap a sensor on a stateroom door for entry simply approaching the correct room with the Ocean Medallion in your pocket will unlock the door. Among the medallion system’s other offerings is a navigation tool designed to help family members find one another on the   ships. Under Mr. Donald, who took over Carnival in   after a string of ship debacles, the company has boomed. In the most recent quarter, Carnival had a record $1. 4 billion in net income, a 17 percent increase from the same period a year earlier. But he remains under pressure to recruit new customers. About 24. 2 million people worldwide took a cruise in 2016, according to the Cruise Lines International Association. That sounds like a lot, but “cruise vacations only represent about 2 percent of all vacations,” said David Beckel, an analyst at Bernstein Research. “Because there is such a low penetration rate, any increase in penetration  —   even a minor, minor one  —   represents a big difference, and hence the effort to improve the customer experience,” Mr. Beckel said. As part of its Ocean Medallion plan, Carnival has turned to television, paying to produce three travel shows designed to make cruising look fun and easy. The shows has been broadcast on weekends in recent months on ABC, NBC and the CW. In one   episode of “The Voyager with Josh Garcia,” the host is seen chatting with artists in Puerto Rico about making masks from coconuts. Carnival plans to produce at least 80 episodes in total. Analysts have praised the effort. “People have a lot of preconceived notions about cruising that largely aren’t true,” said Robin M. Farley, an analyst for UBS. The system that Carnival plans to introduce on Thursday still has a lot to prove. The technology will require the mass retraining of employees and substantial retrofitting of ships, including the installation of roughly 7, 000 sensors per boat. And do passengers really want to sacrifice privacy for personalization? One feature will allow guests to watch live entertainment in ship lounges on their stateroom televisions  —   and the performers will know who is watching and will be trained to do  . (“Hello to Brooks, tuning in from his bed on the Promenade Deck! ”) Mr. Padgett acknowledged that some guests will have “creepiness factor” questions. But he expects the vast majority to participate. “As long as you benefit the guest, they don’t mind sharing” personal information, he said. Using the connected app, guests can order food to be delivered wherever they plan to be at a designated time. (Waiters will know who you are because your photograph will pop up on an   device when they get close to your medallion.) By loading preferences into the app while still at home, Carnival will be able to offer tailored lists of activities. “The goal of preplanning is learning more about our guests,” said Michael G. Jungen, who joined Carnival in 2015 as vice president for design and technology after 15 years at Disney. He noted that passengers would have the option of linking their medallions with social media accounts, allowing Carnival to delve even deeper. As Carnival designed the Ocean Medallion system inside an unmarked building here in suburban Miami, it built a replica set of staterooms, corridors and other ship facilities to test concepts. Scribbles on a monumental white board in one area contained algorithms and personalization ideas. (“What time you eat dinner. What channels you watch. ”) When they were leading Disney’s technology effort in 2013, Mr. Padgett and Mr. Jungen built a similar laboratory, experimenting with ideas that ultimately became MyMagic+ the theme park wristband system that serves as wallet, room key, admission ticket, photograph collector and   pass. As he gave a reporter a tour of the Carnival site, Mr. Padgett continually returned to the topic of Disney  —   how the cost of cruising compares with a family trip to Disney World, and how Disney frames vacations as overarching stories. “The ultimate goal here,” he said, turning to a   Disney phrase, “is to delight and surprise our guests. ”"
79,17376,2 Credit-Reporting Agencies Must Pay $23 Million for Deceptive Practices - The New York Times,New York Times,Reuters,2017-01-03,2017.0,1.0,,"The nation’s consumer watchdog agency on Tuesday ordered the   agencies TransUnion and Equifax to pay more than $23. 2 million in fines and restitution for deceiving customers about the usefulness of credit scores and the cost of obtaining them. The watchdog agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, said the payments would resolve charges that TransUnion and Equifax had lured consumers into enrolling in credit services advertised as free or costing only $1, but which could cost more than $200 a year. TransUnion will reimburse $13. 93 million to consumers and pay a $3 million civil fine, while Equifax will reimburse $3. 8 million and pay a $2. 5 million civil fine, the bureau said. Both companies will also modify their marketing practices. Among the changes, they will obtain customers’ consent to enroll them in services in which fees begin after free trials and make it easier for them to cancel services they do not want. The bureau said the wrongful conduct had violated the     law and had occurred at TransUnion since July 2011 and at Equifax between July 2011 and March 2014. Many lenders rely on credit scores from TransUnion, Equifax and their rival Experian when lending money. But TransUnion and Equifax falsely represented the credit scores they sold to consumers as being the same scores that lenders used, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said. “Credit scores are central to a consumer’s financial life, and people deserve honest and accurate information about them,” Richard Cordray, the bureau’s director, said in a statement. Neither TransUnion, which is based in Chicago, nor Equifax, which is based in Atlanta, admitted or denied wrongdoing. A TransUnion spokesman, David Blumberg, and an Equifax spokeswoman, Ines Gutzmer, said their companies believed that they had complied with the law and were committed to better educating consumers about their credit. Experian was not charged. A spokesman for the bureau did not immediately have additional comment. In 2015, under a separate settlement with 31 state attorneys general, the   agencies agreed to improve how they fixed mistakes and addressed disputes."
80,17378,"Coal Fire, Not Just Iceberg, Doomed the Titanic, a Journalist Claims - The New York Times",New York Times,Dan Bilefsky,2017-01-04,2017.0,1.0,,"LONDON  —   Maybe it wasn’t just the iceberg. Ever since the Titanic sank more than 104 years ago, killing more than 1, 500 men, women and children, mystery has swirled around the tragedy. No one doubts that the ship collided at high speed with an iceberg off the coast of Newfoundland. But a new documentary posits that the sinking of the ship  —   hailed at the time as the largest ever built, and praised for its professed unsinkability  —   may have been accelerated by a giant coal fire in its hull that appeared to have started as long as three weeks before it set off on its fateful journey to New York from Southampton, England. In the documentary, which was broadcast on Channel 4 in Britain on New Year’s Day, Senan Molony, an Irish journalist who has spent more than 30 years researching the Titanic, contends that the fire, in a    bunker next to one of the ship’s boiler rooms, damaged its hull, helping to seal its fate long before it slammed into the iceberg. “It’s a perfect storm of extraordinary factors coming together: fire, ice and criminal negligence,” he argues in the documentary, “Titanic: The New Evidence,” which will air in the United States on the Smithsonian Channel on January 21. “The fire was known about, but it was played down. She should never have been put to sea. ” Mr. Molony’s potential breakthrough can be traced to an attic in Wiltshire, in southwest England, where a previously unpublished album of photographs chronicling the ship’s construction and the preparations for its maiden voyage had been gathering dust for more than a century. The photographs were discovered by a descendant of a director of the   company, Harland and Wolff, that built the Titanic. About four years ago, a collaborator of Mr. Molony’s acquired the rare photographs of the ship, meticulously taken by Harland and Wolff’s engineering chief before it left a Belfast shipyard. When the two men looked closely at the images, Mr. Molony said, they were shocked to discover a    diagonal black mark on the hull’s front starboard side, close to where the ship was pierced by the iceberg. An analysis by engineers at Imperial College London subsequently revealed that the mark was most likely caused by a fire in a coal bunker of the ship. Mr. Molony called the photographs “the Titanic equivalent of Tutankhamen’s tomb,” because of the richness of historical detail they conveyed, including the mark highlighting the extent of the damage. Experts said the theory was compelling but were divided over how important a role the fire may have played. In an interview, Richard de Kerbrech, a marine engineer based on the Isle of Wight who has written two books on the Titanic disaster, said that the fire would have damaged the ship’s bulkhead, a wall of steel within the ship’s hull, and made it more vulnerable after it was pierced by an iceberg. An official British inquiry, in 1912, mentioned the fire, but the judge who presided over it, whom critics saw as sympathetic to shipping interests, played it down. “This discovery is a revelation and could change our knowledge of the history of what happened,” Mr. de Kerbrech said. Mr. Molony contends that the ship’s owners knew about the fire but chose to let it go, since delaying the ship’s journey would have been financially ruinous. At the time of departure, the ship was berthed so that the marks caused by the fire were facing the sea, away from the dock, and therefore concealed from passengers. The Titanic disaster has long fanned conspiracy theories, among them that it was not the Titanic that sank on April 15, 1912, but, rather the Olympic, its sister ship that the Titanic was torpedoed by a German   or that the ship was brought down by a sarcophagus containing an Egyptian priestess’s mummy. Popularized by Hollywood, the story of the Titanic continues to exert a hold on popular culture. Construction of a   replica recently began at a theme park in China. Mr. Molony said his fascination took root when he was 12 and was gripped by “A Night to Remember,” Walter Lord’s 1955 book recounting the Titanic’s final night. He said he was so captivated that he finished the book in two hours and 40 minutes, the same time it took the Titanic to sink. Now the political editor at The Irish Daily Mail, Mr. Molony, who has also written a book called “The Irish Aboard Titanic,” was also drawn to the social divisions reflected on the ship, where   cabins hosted millionaires while hundreds of   passengers, many of them Irish, stayed below. Mr. Molony said he believed the fire had been played down, in part because death by iceberg was a more dramatic explanation. “The ship was seen as a heroic unsinkable ship and, as a result, people focused on explanations that fed that narrative,” he said. Not everyone is convinced. David Hill, a former honorary secretary of the British Titanic Society, who has been studying the cause of the sinking since the 1950s, argued that, while the damage caused by the fire to the steel walls protecting the hull may have hastened the disaster, the blaze was not the decisive factor. “When the Titanic hit the iceberg close to midnight on April 14, 1912, it created a    line of damage on the starboard section of the hull, including punctures and gashes, that opened up too many compartments to the sea, so that the weight of the water dragged the bow down so low that the ship eventually sank,” he said. “A fire may have accelerated this. But in my view, the Titanic would have sunk anyways. ” He added: “It amazes me how this ship still captures the global imagination. It was not the   catastrophe at sea. But it is the one everyone remembers. ”"
81,17379,Chase Sapphire Reserve Card’s Huge Bonus Will Be Slashed - The New York Times,New York Times,Ron Lieber,2017-01-23,2017.0,1.0,,"When a Wall Street banking institution starts throwing   bonuses at credit card customers, it may be best to grab them before they inevitably disappear. And so it goes with Chase Sapphire Reserve, a card that the bank, JPMorgan Chase, introduced last summer. The bank offered a   bonus worth $1, 500 to people who spent $4, 000 on the card in the first three months they had it and then redeemed the bonus for travel. Now the bank is cutting the bonus in half. Jan. 12 will be the last day that people can earn it by applying for the card online, though people who apply at a bank branch will still be able to get the bonus until March 12. You need not be a current bank customer to apply at a branch, according to a bank spokeswoman, Ashley E. Dodd, who confirmed the changes. The bonus played a big role in bringing the card so much attention, landing it on the cover of Bloomberg Businessweek and leading the bank to hand out so many perks that it caused a $200 million to $300 million hit to its earnings. Even without the outsize bonus, which was very rare in the history of credit card bonus offers, the card is likely to remain popular. While it has a steep $450 annual fee, cardholders receive a $300 credit each year for any travel spending they put on the card. And customers earn three points for every dollar they spend on all travel and dining, which can lead to better value than the rewards that most other cards offer for customers who spent a lot in those areas. The Points Guy blog first reported the slashing of the   bonus. Many such sites now exist to help consumers take advantage of the most lucrative   offers, while collecting commissions when they pass readers on to card issuers’ application sites. If those customers keep the cards for a few years (and especially if they run up balances and pay interest) the banks can come out ahead. With too many people gaming the offer, however, bank profitability can suffer, especially when the   bonuses are so large that they attract hordes of   consumers."
82,17381,Broadway Breaks Multiple Records Through New Year’s Weekend - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael Paulson,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"Broadway rang out 2016 with a very big bang. The 33 plays and musicals running last week brought in a whopping $49. 7 million, making it the   week in Broadway history. It was also the   week on record, with 359, 495 people seeing Broadway shows. All around Times Square, records were toppled like pins in a bowling alley: It was the best week ever for   shows like “Chicago,” “Jersey Boys” and “The Lion King” the most money ever grossed at multiple theaters built more than a century ago (for example, $911, 000 by “Oh, Hello” at the Lyceum, which was built in 1903) the most performances ever by a single show during a   period (17, by “The Illusionists”) and the most money ever grossed by a single show ($3. 3 million, by “Hamilton”). An astonishing 24 shows grossed more than $1 million last week, including seven that grossed more than $2 million, according to figures released Tuesday by the Broadway League. Three shows topped the $3 million mark: “Hamilton,” “Wicked” and “The Lion King. ” The grosses for the week ending Jan. 1 were 63 percent higher than the previous week, and 15 percent higher than the same week the previous year (even though there were five more shows playing at the same time last year). Why? The most significant factor appears to be pricing: The base prices for many Broadway shows are high, and the premium prices charged over the holiday period were even higher.   shows had an average price over $100. And for “Hamilton,” now the industry leader in pricing, the average price was $310, and the top price was $998. (That’s the price charged by the box office the first time a ticket was sold many people paid higher prices purchasing from resellers.) There were other factors contributing to the Broadway bonanza. New York City was wrapping up a banner year for tourism: an estimated 60. 3 million visitors, up from 58. 5 million the previous year, according to Christopher Heywood, a spokesman for NYC  Company, the city’s tourism agency. The period between Christmas and New Year’s is always popular for tourists  —   and lucrative for Broadway  —   but especially so this winter, because Christmas and New Year’s fell on weekends, and many people took off work the week in between. Multiple shows that aim heavily at tourists did extraordinarily well. For example: Cirque du Soleil’s first Broadway venture, “Paramour,” had its best week yet, at $1. 9 million, and “The Phantom of the Opera,” the   Broadway show and a reliable barometer for tourist traffic, had its best week too, also at $1. 9 million. Broadway took advantage of the expected high tourism last week by staging more performances. The usual Broadway schedule sees shows staged eight times a week, but last week 25 shows had nine performances. And then there was “The Illusionists,” a holiday season magic show, which managed to have 17 performances by scheduling shows three times a day Monday through Friday, and then twice on Sunday. Other factors: Broadway is on an upswing. Grosses and attendance have been growing for several years, and the current season has already featured strong starts for three new musicals: “Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812,” “A Bronx Tale” and “Dear Evan Hansen. ” “The record just broken for both attendance and grosses for the last week reflects the continuing success of the range of theater being produced on Broadway,” said Charlotte St. Martin, the president of the Broadway League. Several shows that had announced closing dates had a surge of   patrons. “Matilda” closed on Sunday after its best week ($1. 9 million) and “Jersey Boys,” which closes on Jan. 15, set a record, too ($1. 8 million). Some plays benefited as well: “The Humans,” which won the Tony for best new play last year, grossed an impressive $815, 000 as it prepared to close on Jan. 15. Of course, the good news is not likely to last. January and February are generally soft months for Broadway. Thirteen shows are scheduled to close between Dec. 31 and Jan. 29, as theaters clear the decks for a round of openings in late winter and spring."
83,17382,"Italian Inmates Sip, Smell and Taste Their Way to Rehabilitation - The New York Times",New York Times,Gaia Pianigiani,2017-01-25,2017.0,1.0,,"LECCE, Italy  —   One of his first students was a young man he had arrested four years earlier. Others have been convicted of armed robbery, drug trafficking and criminal association with the mafia. The classrooms are frugally equipped, behind windows protected by vertical and horizontal bars, although one has brightly colored paintings covering the walls. But none of that deterred Marco Albanese, a police officer for 19 years and a trained sommelier for five, from teaching a class of rapt students the finer points of deconstructing the bouquet of a chardonnay or pouring a rare vintage. Mr. Albanese, 43, is an instructor in an innovative effort at Lecce Penitentiary to teach inmates to be sommeliers, or wine stewards. The courses are part of a program to teach prisoners new professional skills, as well as to help them develop a bond with the region, which is renowned for its negroamaro grapes. The program has been enthusiastically embraced by the prisoner students, who were tasting white wines on a recent afternoon. It has also been an eye opener for Mr. Albanese. “I could see their human aspect, once they were out of their context,” Mr. Albanese, who traded in his police uniform for the crisp blue jacket and tie of a sommelier for the class. “And I didn’t have to keep the same distance, now that I was their ‘professor. ’” He added, “They also deserve a second chance, and it’s important that they know that the institutions do believe that they can be educated to a different life. ” In eight lessons, the group of 30 men and women, who are instructed in separate classes, learn how to taste, choose and serve local wines. “We hope to teach them the social value of work and the preciousness of their own territory, so that they can later choose to work here, already having the right skill set,” said Rita Russo, the director of Lecce Penitentiary, which is the largest in the region of Apulia. Inmates can also study for their high school diplomas, cultivate tomatoes, take theater classes and learn to be painters or tailors. Class begins with a slide show on the history of wine, explaining how it was drunk by the ancient Greeks and introducing the students to the Roman ancestors of modern sommeliers in Italy. On a school table, covered with a khaki tablecloth, stood wine glasses, ready for use. Three bottles of chardonnay, a red primitivo and a negroamaro stood on a table nearby. Mr. Albanese then addressed the prisoners, who sat facing him on stools listing the temperatures at which different wines should be served and how to store them in cellars. For a finale, he offered a   tip. “Do remember, even if you had Trump over for dinner, the pope would still be served first. The clergy does come first, even before heads of state,” he said, to raucous laughter. The prisoners, whose identity is being protected by the prison, were not allowed to be interviewed or photographed for this article. Roberto Giannone, who works for the local sommelier association, then demonstrated how to open a bottle, neatly slicing off the capsule covering the bottleneck in three cuts, inserting the corkscrew and smoothly pulling out the cork. “Once the cork is out,” he said, “use a napkin to show it to your customers. It’s an easy way to be polite and avoid objections. ” Since the 1970s, the Italian penal system has focused on   for inmates. However, a lack of funds for rehabilitation, as well as chronic overcrowding, means that thousands of incarcerated men and women have little to do all day. That has sparked some innovative rehabilitation programs, including a restaurant inside a   prison near Milan in which the waiters and cooks are inmates. But the sommelier class at the Lecce prison is believed to be unique in Italy. “Of course, sommelier courses can’t be considered a treatment,” said Georgia Zara, the head of a program at the University of Turin that offers a master’s degree in criminological and forensic psychology. “But they do educate inmates and create social interaction, which is very important. ” The classes also offer a “bridge between the jail context and the world outside, so it’s a small investment to reduce the risk of recidivism,” Ms. Zara said. Gianvito Rizzo, 53, is the chief executive at the Feudi di Guagnano, a local vintner that provides wine, like negroamaro, for the classes. He is also the creator of the sommelier classes at the prison. Mr. Rizzo has proposed that inmates start working on his nearly 75 acres of vines in the coming year under certain circumstances, some inmates in Italy are allowed to work outside prisons. “I see wine in a democratic way,” Mr. Rizzo said as he walked through his vineyard recently. “The countryside is the opposite to a cell. You are free. You smell nature, and learn to care for it. I think it’d be good also for inmates to try it out. ” Mr. Rizzo said that when he had received a master’s degree from the Bocconi University business school in Milan three decades ago, he had been “fixated” on doing something for his native region of Salento, in Apulia, on the heel of the Italian boot. He settled on going into the wine business, which had been struggling to convert farmers who cultivated for personal or local use into becoming larger producers. He now produces 16 different wines from grapes grown in vineyards that he and two friends and business partners inherited from their fathers, added to those that other friends asked them to cultivate on their behalf. He calls this collaborative effort his “first social experiment. ” When Mr. Rizzo heard about the penitentiary’s activities for prisoners, he proposed the sommelier classes to Ms. Russo. While it is unclear if any of the students will ever become professional sommeliers, the exposure to the world of wine provided by the classes has been very welcome. “I don’t even drink, but I’ve learned to sip it, smell it and taste it,” said one inmate, who is serving a   sentence and who was granted an exception to speak anonymously. “You can think it’s a small thing, but it means the world to us. ”"
84,17383,"The 2017 Class Divide, as Dissected by a New ‘One Day at a Time’ - The New York Times",New York Times,James Poniewozik,2017-01-04,2017.0,1.0,,"In the first episode of “One Day at a Time,” Netflix’s reboot of the   Norman Lear sitcom, Penelope (Justina Machado) has an argument with her    son, Alex (Marcel Ruiz) who wants an expensive new pair of sneakers. “Mom,” he says, “I know we’re not rich. But are we poor?” It’s a casual line that sets up a joke. (Penelope reminds Alex that they have a TV, a refrigerator and a laptop. “Those are things poor people have!” he says.) But it’s based on an acknowledgment you don’t really hear in prime time anymore: that there is a class divide, nebulous but real, and that your family is closer to the bad side of it. The new “One Day at a Time,” arriving on Friday, is lively and full of voice, a rare reboot that’s better than the original. It’s a throwback in the best sense, to an era of mainstream, socially engaged   sitcoms. And just as the political debate has pitted diversity against class in a   contest, it’s a reminder that the two aren’t mutually exclusive. In the 1970s, TV was full of characters living paycheck to paycheck, whether cabbies (“Taxi”) waitresses (“Alice”) auto mechanics (“Chico and the Man”) or brewery workers (“Laverne and Shirley”). Mr. Lear, the sitcom maestro of the era, produced a suite of shows like this: “All in the Family,” “Good Times,” “Sanford and Son. ” Mr. Lear, an   populist liberal, made   TV about the little guy. In part, the programming reflected the economy of the time. The average American wage peaked in 1973, and the middle class was broader. But, as income inequality began to grow in the 1980s and ’90s, TV, like any neighborhood buffeted by market forces, got gentrified. Advertising rates became increasingly tied to audience demographics, which made poorer viewers less valuable. Basic cable fragmented the viewership  —   more shows, made for smaller niches  —   and premium networks like HBO focused on series about the kind of people who could afford to pay for networks like HBO. TV courted upscale audiences by showing them versions of themselves. Goodbye, Roseanne Conner hello, Carrie Bradshaw. With few exceptions (like ABC’s “The Middle”) sitcoms moved into offices, cafes and living rooms populated by comfortably   characters. (A recent “ ” slyly acknowledged this remove its affluent parents were mortified when their youngest son took an aptitude test that pegged him as a future “skilled laborer. ”) Work  —   nonprofessional,     work  —   became the stuff of   reality TV (“Deadliest Catch”). Just as actual labor became increasingly invisible to consumers, shunted off overseas or hidden through     people entered TV through the poor door, or not at all. With “One Day at a Time”  —   like “Fuller House” and “Gilmore Girls,” another product of Netflix’s drive to exhume our every nostalgic memory  —   peak TV is restoring something of what peak TV took away: the kind of family that buys discounted meat at the grocery store and whose old car stalls when you turn on the  . The original “One Day at a Time,” based on the   Whitney Blake’s experience as a divorced mother, was lighter and more disposable than “All in the Family. ” (I still have warm memories of Mackenzie Phillips and Valerie Bertinelli duetting on “Don’t Go Breaking My Heart,” but let’s not kid ourselves.) But it spoke to the times. Compared with Mr. Lear’s outspoken Maude, Ann Romano (Bonnie Franklin) expressed her feminism practically  —   bouncing from job to job, getting the rent paid and raising two independent girls. (This was in 1975, just five years after it was deemed too outrageous to have Mary Richards be divorced in “The Mary Tyler Moore Show. ”) The update, which Mr. Lear produces with Gloria Calderón Kellett and Mike Royce, moves the setting from Indianapolis to Echo Park, Los Angeles, and reimagines the family as  . (Mr. Lear’s   remake of his own work recalls how he adapted the British “Steptoe and Son” as “Sanford and Son,” with an   cast.) Gloria Estefan reprises the theme song, now syncopated. There’s a   third generation: a   Rita Moreno as Penelope’s   mother, Lydia. The    daughter, Elena (Isabella Gomez, a charmer) is a school debate champ who sees her coming quinceañera as a tool of the patriarchy. The omnipresent apartment super, Schneider (Todd Grinnell)  —   played in the original by Pat Harrington, with a mustache that defined ’70s    —   is now a stubbly   hipster whose dad owns the building. The most productive rethinking involves Penelope, a veteran of Afghanistan who works as a medical assistant. The war ended her marriage  —   she separated from her husband, also a soldier, who developed a drinking problem from stress  —   and left her with anxiety and a bum shoulder. The show understands, in a way comedies about more privileged families don’t have to, that circumstances shape choices and exact costs. Despite the   laughs, the series works best in   dramedy mode. The season has a serial arc, and Ms. Machado (previously of “Six Feet Under”) handles the emotional material with a light touch. One of the strongest episodes is built around a long, frustrating phone call with the Department of Veterans Affairs as Penelope tries to wrangle a chiropractor referral. The   humor is clunkier. Stephen Tobolowsky carries some familiar workplace subplots as Penelope’s   boss, and the show leans heavily on Ricky   jokes about Lydia’s accent. Still, if the comedy can be dated, the retro approach  —   multicamera, theatrical,    —   feels current, as the headlines recall the tumult of the ’70s and the   seems to be tweeting from Archie Bunker’s armchair. (One of the season’s themes, immigration, lands harder, if differently, from the way it might have before the election.) Of course, one sitcom can represent only so much. Scripted TV still neglects   rural America, though Netflix has lately stepped into that gap with “The Ranch. ” NBC’s affable workplace sitcom “Superstore” speaks to an economy that, campaign rhetoric aside, is more about service and retail jobs than about assembly lines. Maybe they’ll have company soon: ABC, for instance, is talking about making its programming more    after the election. If efforts like this manage to find us the next “Roseanne,” that’s all good. But the new “One Day at a Time,” which arrives while Hispanic TV families are still a rarity, also casually refutes the lazy postelection punditry that “ ” is a euphemism for “white,” that there is an   choice between the “identity politics” of representing the underrepresented and a   focus on people’s economic struggles. If TV can help divided Americans see one another better, it’s by telling more specific stories of every kind. It’s true that we don’t see enough   people on TV, or military veterans or Hispanic families. And guess what? Sometimes, this “One Day at a Time” reminds us, you find all those people under the same roof."
85,17384,Michael Eric Dyson Believes in Individual Reparations - The New York Times,New York Times,Ana Marie Cox,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"Your forthcoming book, “Tears We Cannot Stop,” is subtitled “A Sermon to White America. ” Which part of white America do you envision reading it? I envision the audience to be that ocean of white folk I encounter who are deeply empathetic to the struggles of minorities  —   they are the ones who ask me, “What can I do, as a white person?” This is my attempt to address them in the most useful and, hopefully, edifying manner. What’s your strategy for getting through to the white people who may not be particularly sympathetic? What I’ve seen under the wonderful presidency of Barack Obama is the tendency to not tell white people the truth, for obvious reasons  —   they don’t vote for you. But I’m not a politician. I don’t have that power or influence, but what I do wield is a different kind of bully pulpit. We have to have enough belief in white people to tell them the truth. They are grown! There are a lot of areas within race relations that seem like less of a conversation and more of an attempt to prove to white people that these issues  —   police brutality, for instance  —   are a real and present danger. I open this book with horror stories about my engagement with the police. These are the stories that have shaped me, that join me to the mass of people who, regardless of our station in life, regardless of educational attainment and achievement, have felt this. The president of the United States has these stories, the former attorney general has these stories and a prominent black intellectual like me has these stories. The reality is that this is part and parcel of what it means to be black in America, and I wanted to spend time talking and thinking about it from a number of different perspectives to show white brothers and sisters that we aren’t making this up. This is not fabricated. I can’t help but think that if the same levels of police brutality were happening to white people, we would just disband the police. Police brutality would not be seen as the price of keeping our society safe. Recently, I was outside of Ben’s Chili Bowl in Washington at 3 a. m. and a young white kid is cursing the police, and I’m going, “Oh, my God, they’re going to shoot him. ” And then it occurred to me that they wouldn’t  —   he’s a white kid. And what did I hear the police say? “Now, son, you’re clearly inebriated. You need to go home and sleep this off. ” And I said to myself: “My God! This is what we want!” We can’t even afford a display of anger that many white people have. At the end of your sermon, you do a “benediction” section, in which you talk about making reparations on the local and individual level: donating to groups like the United Negro College Fund or a scholarship program, but also, to cite your example from the book, paying “the black person who cuts your grass double what you might ordinarily pay. ” That gave me pause! Good! I used to say in church, “If the sermon ain’t making you a little bit uncomfortable, it ain’t effective. ” Look, if it doesn’t cost you anything, you’re not really engaging in change you’re engaging in convenience. You’re engaged in the overflow. I’m asking you to do stuff you wouldn’t ordinarily do. I’m asking you to think more seriously and strategically about why you possess what you possess. I agree with reparations, but maybe this is my white privilege speaking: I can’t imagine actually doing that. That is what I meant by an I. R. A.: an individual reparations account. You ain’t got to ask the government, you don’t have to ask your local politician  —   this is what you, an individual, conscientious, “woke” citizen can do. But charity can’t be the end of it, right? The Koch brothers gave the United Negro College Fund $25 million, but I doubt you would consider them “woke. ” No. Martin Luther King Jr. believed that charity is a poor substitute for justice. But I ain’t turning $25 million down."
86,17385,For Sale: Condé Nast Treasures - The New York Times,New York Times,Laura M. Holson,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"Condé Nast Publications might be sitting on a gold mine: its archive of some eight million photographs and illustrations from Vanity Fair, The New Yorker, Vogue, Architectural Digest and other magazines. Now, given the tenuous state of the media industry, the company has plans to exploit it. The archive is housed on the 15th floor of a building not far from Condé Nast’s headquarters at One World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan. Photographs and magazines, some going back more than 100 years, are stored in plastic slips and stacked in folders or tucked away in cabinets. Down the hall from the main room is a   locker, where original slides and transparencies are cataloged out of harm’s way. Here you will find the first cover of Vogue, from Dec. 17, 1892, a sketch of a debutante clad in a ball gown and floating on what appears to be a cloud pillow. And here is a photograph of Coco Chanel lounging on a sofa, taken by the Vogue photographer Horst P. Horst, who died in 1999. Binders stand on metal shelves, packed with transparencies from   runway shows in New York and Paris, a chronicle of shifting necklines, hems and bejeweled bodices. “This is the history of fashion,” said Ivan Shaw, 48, the former executive photo director of Vogue, who was named Condé Nast’s photography director for the archive in June. If all goes according to plan, much of this material will soon be the stuff of   prints,      coffee mugs, tote bags, pillows and such. Further, the company will invite the   known as influencers to explore the archive  —   videographers in tow  —   to discuss their favorite pieces and grab the interest of their   audiences. Mr. Shaw is part of a team charged with expanding sales of the archival goods. Since his appointment, as a major part of the initiative, he has been readying an online store, to be called Condé Nast Editions. Until recently, the archive team’s priority was preservation. But given the industrywide losses in print advertising, Condé Nast and other media companies are turning to new sources of revenue. “These images have unprecedented value,” said Cathy Hoffman Glosser, who was hired as the company’s senior vice president for licensing in 2015. “And we want these assets to become more accessible. ” Mr. Shaw calls the trove a time machine. “There is a story about every picture from an artist, what he or she has taken,” he said. He mentioned Edward Steichen, who worked for Vogue and Vanity Fair for 15 years beginning in the 1920s. “When I’m holding a photograph by Edward Steichen, for that moment, I am there. ” One of the photographers whose work has gained new attention since the opening of the archive is Horst, a favorite of Mr. Shaw’s, whose Vogue career flourished under the editor Diana Vreeland in the 1960s. In October, Condé Nast published a Horst volume, “Around That Time: Horst at Home in Vogue,” edited by Hamish Bowles. In addition to producing the book, Mr. Shaw curated exhibitions of Horst’s work at SOCO Gallery in Charlotte, N. C. and Venus Over Los Angeles in California. Others of note whose work sits in the archive and may soon be available to the wider world include Arthur Elgort, Robert Frank, George   Herbert Matter, Helmut Newton, Irving Penn, John Rawlings and Bert Stern, and the illustrators Miguel Covarrubias and Bob Staake. Condé Nast is not free to make commercial use of all its artists’ works, however Annie Leibovitz, who shoots for Vanity Fair and Vogue, owns the rights to her photographs. In a   of the archive’s appeal, Paddle8 recently offered three limited editions of The New Yorker’s May 2, 2016, “Purple Rain” cover illustration, a tribute to Prince by the artist Bob Staake, for $2, 700 apiece. (One has sold thus far.) Buyers with lighter wallets paid $95 for prints of the same cover at The New Yorker online store (189 were sold, Mr. Shaw said) or $325 for a signed,   version of the magazine cover (fans bought 121 of those). Mr. Shaw said he had two exhibitions and book projects in development on 1970s fashion photography, drawing on Vogue’s library, and a documentary in the works on Mr. Elgort, 76, the   Vogue photographer. Camilla Nickerson, a fashion editor at Vogue who worked with Mr. Shaw, said, “He has had to deal with a lot personalities and egos and he is good at being able to cope with their enormous needs. ” But Mr. Shaw seems most interested in the images themselves. While flipping through a 1957 copy of Architectural Digest, he lingered over a picture by Julius Shulman, whose photographs of Southern California architecture captured midcentury style. “You really feel like what the room would be like,” Mr. Shaw said, gazing at a Shulman photograph of a chic living room. “It’s not just a document. Look at the reproduction quality. I could look at these pictures all day long. ”"
87,17386,"Countering Trump, Bipartisan Voices Strongly Affirm Findings on Russian Hacking - The New York Times",New York Times,Matt Flegenheimer and Scott Shane,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   A united front of top intelligence officials and senators from both parties on Thursday forcefully reaffirmed the conclusion that the Russian government used hacking and leaks to try to influence the presidential election, directly rebuffing   Donald J. Trump’s repeated questioning of Russia’s role. They suggested that the doubts Mr. Trump has expressed on Twitter about the agencies’ competence and impartiality were undermining their morale. “There’s a difference between skepticism and disparagement,” James R. Clapper Jr. the director of national intelligence, said at a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee on the Russian hacks. He added that “our assessment now is even more resolute” that the Russians carried out the attack on the election. The Senate hearing was the prelude to an extraordinary meeting scheduled for Friday, when Mr. Clapper and other intelligence chiefs will repeat for Mr. Trump the same detailed, highly classified briefing on the Russian attack that President Obama received on Thursday. In effect, they will be telling the   that the spy agencies believe he won with an assist from President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. Then Mr. Trump will have to say whether he accepts the agencies’ basic findings on Russia’s role or holds to his previous contention that inept, politicized American spies have gotten the perpetrator of the hacking wrong. That would throw the intelligence agencies into a crisis of credibility and status with few, if any, precedents. In a pair of Twitter posts early Thursday, Mr. Trump appeared to back away from the scorn he had previously expressed for the intelligence agencies’ work, as well as from his embrace of Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, which released most of the hacked emails of Democratic officials. “The dishonest media likes saying that I am in agreement with Julian Assange  —   wrong,” he wrote. “I simply state what he states, it is for the people to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against ‘Intelligence’ when in fact I am a big fan!” But on Thursday night, the   returned to Twitter and appeared to underscore his doubts about the F. B. I. ’s investigation of the hacking. “The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia,” he wrote, a day after a report by BuzzFeed on the issue. “So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?” Early next week, the public will get its fullest information to date on the evidence the agencies have to support their contention that Mr. Putin’s government used the hacked emails to hurt Hillary Clinton’s campaign and help Mr. Trump’s. Mr. Clapper said he would “push the envelope” to include as much detail as possible in the unclassified version of the intelligence agencies’ report on the Russian operation. The hacking, he added, was only one part of that operation, which also included the dissemination of “classical propaganda, disinformation, fake news. ” Mr. Clapper will step down as intelligence director later this month after a career in intelligence and military service that began when he enlisted in the Marine Corps in 1961. His replacement is expected to be Dan Coats, a retired senator from Indiana, a Trump transition official said Thursday. A   conservative who served on the Senate Intelligence Committee, Mr. Coats would oversee the nation’s 16 intelligence agencies in a job that was created after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks to improve the sharing of information, but that is sometimes criticized as adding a layer of bureaucracy. The Coats news came on the same day that R. James Woolsey, a former C. I. A. director, stepped down as a senior adviser to Mr. Trump, citing his diminishing role in the transition. The Senate hearing on Thursday, devoted to foreign cyberthreats, was unusual as much for its context as its content  —   a public, bipartisan display of support for the intelligence community that seemed aimed, at times, at an audience of one. Though Mr. Clapper and most Republican senators were careful to avoid antagonizing the   directly, the hearing spoke to the rift Mr. Trump has threatened to create between the incoming administration and the intelligence officials assigned to inform it. Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and chairman of the committee, said the purpose of the gathering was “not to question the outcome of the presidential election” but to move forward with a full understanding of what had happened. Repeatedly, though, Mr. McCain and his colleagues seemed to undercut Mr. Trump’s past messages of support for Russia, and for Mr. Assange of WikiLeaks. “Do you think there’s any credibility we should attach to this individual?” Mr. McCain asked. “Not in my view,” Mr. Clapper said. Another witness at the hearing, Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency and United States Cyber Command, said he agreed. The intelligence director said he welcomed skeptical questioning from Mr. Trump, allowing that the intelligence community was “not perfect. ” “We are an organization of human beings, and we’re prone, sometimes, to make errors,” Mr. Clapper said. But he said the agencies had learned from their failures, notably their declaration that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. Democrats on the committee repeatedly coaxed intelligence leaders to rebut Mr. Trump’s multiple assertions that a random individual hacker might have hacked Democratic targets. Senator Joe Donnelly, Democrat of Indiana, told Mr. Clapper that in the conflict between the intelligence agencies and Mr. Assange over Russian responsibility for the attack, “We’re on your side every time. ” He asked Mr. Clapper to convey his level of confidence in attributing the election attack to Russia, rather than “someone in his basement. ” “It’s, uh, very high,” the laconic intelligence director replied. At one point, Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri, wondered aloud “who benefits from a   trashing the intelligence community. ” Ms. McCaskill said there would be “howls from the Republican side of the aisle” if a Democrat had spoken about intelligence officials as Mr. Trump had. Senator Tim Kaine, Democrat of Virginia and Mrs. Clinton’s running mate, used the occasion for an aside about Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s choice for national security adviser, who has a history of sharing discredited news stories and conspiracy theories. Mr. Kaine said that he was unsure whether Mr. Flynn was acting out of “gullibility” or “malice,” but that it was a cause for “great concern” that Mr. Flynn shared stories that “most fourth graders would find incredible. ” No Republican lawmakers embraced Mr. Trump’s remarks casting doubt on the intelligence conclusions, though some were more conspicuous than others in their efforts to distance themselves. Perhaps the closest to a defense of Mr. Trump came from Senator Tom Cotton, Republican of Arkansas. Denouncing “imprecise language” stating that Russia “hacked the election,” Mr. Cotton asked Mr. Clapper to confirm that the actual balloting was not affected. Mr. Cotton also suggested that the conventional wisdom that Mr. Putin favored Mr. Trump over Mrs. Clinton might be wrong. Mr. Trump promised a stronger military and more American oil and gas production  —   policies Mr. Cotton suggested would not be to Russia’s advantage. Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, criticized the Obama administration for its response to the Russian attack. He said the White House had lobbed mere “pebbles” in retaliation for the interference. “When it comes to interfering with our election, we better be ready to throw rocks,” he said. Then Mr. Graham issued a warning for fellow Republicans who might be inclined to brush off any attack on an opposing party. “Could it be Republicans next election?” he asked. “It’s not like we’re so much better at cybersecurity than Democrats. ”"
88,17387,"Dan Coats, the ‘Mister Rogers’ Senator Poised to Be Intelligence Chief - The New York Times",New York Times,Jennifer Steinhauer and Michael D. Shear,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump is expected to choose as director of national intelligence   Senator Dan Coats, a former ambassador to Germany, secret foodie and lover of all things Indiana who also served as a member of his chamber’s Intelligence Committee. Known for a   style, Mr. Coats was popular among his colleagues. “I always thought he should wear a red cardigan,” said Senator Cory Gardner, Republican of Colorado. “He was the closest thing to Mister Rogers we could come up with. ” While fiscally conservative, Mr. Coats, an Indiana Republican who completed his second Senate stint this month, often found common cause with Democrats, who described him as thoughtful on intelligence and national security issues, with a sharp intellect and disarming humor. “I have always been impressed with his demeanor,” said Senator Angus King, a Maine independent who caucuses with the Democrats, and who served on the Intelligence Committee with Mr. Coats and traveled with him in Eastern Europe. “He’s not a fierce partisan and knows the intelligence community. He’s very amiable and easy to work with. ” The position of America’s top intelligence official was created by Congress in 2004, as a response to criticism that the nation’s spy agencies had failed to detect and prevent the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, 2001. Since then, the director has been charged with coordinating the   and analysis of the country’s 16 civilian and military spy agencies, helping to prevent a terrorist attack and serving as a central liaison to presidents and their White House staff. But bureaucratic turf wars have dogged the office of the director of national intelligence since its creation. Officials who run the C. I. A. and the Defense Intelligence Agency, among others, have sought to maintain control over parts of the spying apparatus, and to exert influence with presidents and members of Congress. In 2009, for example, Leon E. Panetta, President Obama’s incoming C. I. A. director, clashed with Dennis C. Blair, the director of national intelligence at the time, after Mr. Blair sought to select the top American spies for overseas postings. Mr. Panetta sent a dispatch to the agency’s employees telling them to ignore Mr. Blair’s message  —   an assertion that the C. I. A. was in charge. The rivalries have weakened the national intelligence office and led some critics in the government to question its effectiveness. The year that Mr. Obama took office, an internal report criticized the office of national intelligence for adding to  —   not removing  —   bureaucratic bloat and doing little to end the tensions among the various spy agencies. In 2010, James R. Clapper Jr. the current director of national intelligence, insisted during his Senate confirmation hearings that he would not be a “hood ornament,” saying that despite the inherent limitations on his job, he would try to bring an end to turf battles among the nation’s spy agencies. Six years later, the job appears to have limited appeal to some intelligence professionals, several of whom were not eager to serve in the position for fear that they would not be empowered. Mr. Coats had been an early and strong contender for secretary of defense in the first term of President George W. Bush, until Mr. Bush’s vice president, Dick Cheney, successfully pressed for Donald H. Rumsfeld. Mr. Coats, 73, graduated from Wheaton College in Illinois, and served in the Army before studying at the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law. He began a career in life insurance in Fort Wayne, Ind. before joining the office of   Dan Quayle as a district representative. Mr. Coats owed much of his political career to his ties to Mr. Quayle, the former vice president. Mr. Coats won Mr. Quayle’s House seat in 1980, the year the latter was elected to the Senate. After Mr. Quayle was elected vice president in 1988, Mr. Coats was appointed to fill his seat he served on the Senate Armed Services and Intelligence Committees. In 1998, Mr. Coats decided to not seek   largely because the Democratic challenger, Evan Bayh, was considered unbeatable. In 2001, Mr. Coats was named ambassador to Germany, arriving only three days before the Sept. 11 attacks. “Ambassador Coats found himself thrown into a role he couldn’t have foreseen a day earlier, a role in which he would excel but one that would forever change him,” Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, said on the Senate floor last year in remarks praising Mr. Coats. “Those who know Dan Coats say that day in September affected him profoundly,” he said. “He may not have known it then, but he would feel the tug of that responsibility many years later, and answer the call. ” After a brief foray into lobbying, Mr. Coats returned to the Senate in January 2011, serving again on the Intelligence Committee. Mr. Coats was also one of only a few Republican senators who supported compelling Congress to officially authorize the use of military force abroad. “You’re asking our sons and daughters to take up our cause,” he said, “and every person who is here has to decide with their own conscience if that’s something we’re going to do. ” Mr. Coats enjoys visiting restaurants both in Indianapolis and in small hamlets that serve    food, and featured several interesting restaurants and food purveyors when it was his turn to host lunch for his Republican colleagues."
89,17388,The Perfect Weapon: How Russian Cyberpower Invaded the U.S. - The New York Times,New York Times,"Eric Lipton, David E. Sanger and Scott Shane",2017-04-10,2017.0,4.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   When Special Agent Adrian Hawkins of the Federal Bureau of Investigation called the Democratic National Committee in September 2015 to pass along some troubling news about its computer network, he was transferred, naturally, to the help desk. His message was brief, if alarming. At least one computer system belonging to the D. N. C. had been compromised by hackers federal investigators had named “the Dukes,” a cyberespionage team linked to the Russian government. The F. B. I. knew it well: The bureau had spent the last few years trying to kick the Dukes out of the unclassified email systems of the White House, the State Department and even the Joint Chiefs of Staff, one of the government’s   networks. Yared Tamene, the   contractor at the D. N. C. who fielded the call, was no expert in cyberattacks. His first moves were to check Google for “the Dukes” and conduct a cursory search of the D. N. C. computer system logs to look for hints of such a cyberintrusion. By his own account, he did not look too hard even after Special Agent Hawkins called back repeatedly over the next several weeks  —   in part because he wasn’t certain the caller was a real F. B. I. agent and not an impostor. “I had no way of differentiating the call I just received from a prank call,” Mr. Tamene wrote in an internal memo, obtained by The New York Times, that detailed his contact with the F. B. I. It was the cryptic first sign of a cyberespionage and   campaign devised to disrupt the 2016 presidential election, the first such attempt by a foreign power in American history. What started as an   operation, intelligence officials believe, ultimately morphed into an effort to harm one candidate, Hillary Clinton, and tip the election to her opponent, Donald J. Trump. Like another famous American election scandal, it started with a   at the D. N. C. The first time, 44 years ago at the committee’s old offices in the Watergate complex, the burglars planted listening devices and jimmied a filing cabinet. This time, the burglary was conducted from afar, directed by the Kremlin, with   emails and zeros and ones. An examination by The Times of the Russian operation  —   based on interviews with dozens of players targeted in the attack, intelligence officials who investigated it and Obama administration officials who deliberated over the best response  —   reveals a series of missed signals, slow responses and a continuing underestimation of the seriousness of the cyberattack. The D. N. C. ’s fumbling encounter with the F. B. I. meant the best chance to halt the Russian intrusion was lost. The failure to grasp the scope of the attacks undercut efforts to minimize their impact. And the White House’s reluctance to respond forcefully meant the Russians have not paid a heavy price for their actions, a decision that could prove critical in deterring future cyberattacks. The   approach of the F. B. I. meant that Russian hackers could roam freely through the committee’s network for nearly seven months before top D. N. C. officials were alerted to the attack and hired cyberexperts to protect their systems. In the meantime, the hackers moved on to targets outside the D. N. C. including Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman, John D. Podesta, whose private email account was hacked months later. Even Mr. Podesta, a savvy Washington insider who had written a 2014 report on cyberprivacy for President Obama, did not truly understand the gravity of the hacking. By last summer, Democrats watched in helpless fury as their private emails and confidential documents appeared online day after day  —   procured by Russian intelligence agents, posted on WikiLeaks and other websites, then eagerly reported on by the American media, including The Times. Mr. Trump gleefully cited many of the purloined emails on the campaign trail. The fallout included the resignations of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the chairwoman of the D. N. C. and most of her top party aides. Leading Democrats were sidelined at the height of the campaign, silenced by revelations of embarrassing emails or consumed by the scramble to deal with the hacking. Though   by the public, confidential documents taken by the Russian hackers from the D. N. C. ’s sister organization, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, turned up in congressional races in a dozen states, tainting some of them with accusations of scandal. In recent days, a skeptical   the nation’s intelligence agencies and the two major parties have become embroiled in an extraordinary public dispute over what evidence exists that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia moved beyond mere espionage to deliberately try to subvert American democracy and pick the winner of the presidential election. Many of Mrs. Clinton’s closest aides believe that the Russian assault had a profound impact on the election, while conceding that other factors  —   Mrs. Clinton’s weaknesses as a candidate her private email server the public statements of the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, about her handling of classified information  —   were also important. While there’s no way to be certain of the ultimate impact of the hack, this much is clear: A     weapon that Russia had   in elections from Ukraine to Europe was trained on the United States, with devastating effectiveness. For Russia, with an enfeebled economy and a nuclear arsenal it cannot use short of   war, cyberpower proved the perfect weapon: cheap, hard to see coming, hard to trace. “There shouldn’t be any doubt in anybody’s mind,” Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency and commander of United States Cyber Command, said at a postelection conference. “This was not something that was done casually, this was not something that was done by chance, this was not a target that was selected purely arbitrarily,” he said. “This was a conscious effort by a   to attempt to achieve a specific effect. ” For the people whose emails were stolen, this new form of political sabotage has left a trail of shock and professional damage. Neera Tanden, president of the Center for American Progress and a key Clinton supporter, recalls walking into the busy Clinton transition offices, humiliated to see her face on television screens as pundits discussed a leaked email in which she had called Mrs. Clinton’s instincts “suboptimal. ” “It was just a sucker punch to the gut every day,” Ms. Tanden said. “It was the worst professional experience of my life. ” The United States, too, has carried out cyberattacks, and in decades past the C. I. A. tried to subvert foreign elections. But the Russian attack is increasingly understood across the political spectrum as an ominous historic landmark  —   with one notable exception: Mr. Trump has rejected the findings of the intelligence agencies he will soon oversee as “ridiculous,” insisting that the hacker may be American, or Chinese, but that “they have no idea. ” Mr. Trump cited the reported disagreements between the agencies about whether Mr. Putin intended to help elect him. On Tuesday, a Russian government spokesman echoed Mr. Trump’s scorn. “This tale of ‘hacks’ resembles a banal brawl between American security officials over spheres of influence,” Maria Zakharova, the spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Ministry, wrote on Facebook. Over the weekend, four prominent senators  —   two Republicans and two Democrats  —   joined forces to pledge an investigation while pointedly ignoring Mr. Trump’s skeptical claims. “Democrats and Republicans must work together, and across the jurisdictional lines of the Congress, to examine these recent incidents thoroughly and devise comprehensive solutions to deter and defend against further cyberattacks,” said Senators John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Chuck Schumer and Jack Reed. “This cannot become a partisan issue,” they said. “The stakes are too high for our country. ” Sitting in the basement of the Democratic National Committee headquarters, below a   2012 portrait of a smiling Barack Obama, is a   filing cabinet missing the handle on the bottom drawer. Only a framed newspaper story hanging on the wall hints at the importance of this aged piece of office furniture. “GOP Security Aide Among 5 Arrested in Bugging Affair,” reads the headline from the front page of The Washington Post on June 19, 1972, with the bylines of Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein. Andrew Brown, 37, the technology director at the D. N. C. was born after that famous  . But as he began to plan for this year’s election cycle, he was well aware that the D. N. C. could become a   target again. There were aspirations to ensure that the D. N. C. was well protected against cyberintruders  —   and then there was the reality, Mr. Brown and his bosses at the organization acknowledged: The D. N. C. was a nonprofit group, dependent on donations, with a fraction of the security budget that a corporation its size would have. “There was never enough money to do everything we needed to do,” Mr. Brown said. The D. N. C. had a standard email   service, intended to block phishing attacks and malware created to resemble legitimate email. But when Russian hackers started in on the D. N. C. the committee did not have the most advanced systems in place to track suspicious traffic, internal D. N. C. memos show. Mr. Tamene, who reports to Mr. Brown and fielded the call from the F. B. I. agent, was not a   D. N. C. employee he works for a   contracting firm called The MIS Department. He was left to figure out, largely on his own, how to respond  —   and even whether the man who had called in to the D. N. C. switchboard was really an F. B. I. agent. “The F. B. I. thinks the D. N. C. has at least one compromised computer on its network and the F. B. I. wanted to know if the D. N. C. is aware, and if so, what the D. N. C. is doing about it,” Mr. Tamene wrote in an internal memo about his contacts with the F. B. I. He added that “the Special Agent told me to look for a specific type of malware dubbed ‘Dukes’ by the U. S. intelligence community and in cybersecurity circles. ” Part of the problem was that Special Agent Hawkins did not show up in person at the D. N. C. Nor could he email anyone there, as that risked alerting the hackers that the F. B. I. knew they were in the system. Mr. Tamene’s initial scan of the D. N. C. system  —   using his    tools and incomplete targeting information from the F. B. I.  —   found nothing. So when Special Agent Hawkins called repeatedly in October, leaving voice mail messages for Mr. Tamene, urging him to call back, “I did not return his calls, as I had nothing to report,” Mr. Tamene explained in his memo. In November, Special Agent Hawkins called with more ominous news. A D. N. C. computer was “calling home, where home meant Russia,” Mr. Tamene’s memo says, referring to software sending information to Moscow. “SA Hawkins added that the F. B. I. thinks that this calling home behavior could be the result of a   attack. ” Mr. Brown knew that Mr. Tamene, who declined to comment, was fielding calls from the F. B. I. But he was tied up on a different problem: evidence suggesting that the campaign of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Mrs. Clinton’s main Democratic opponent, had improperly gained access to her campaign data. Ms. Wasserman Schultz, then the D. N. C. ’s chairwoman, and Amy Dacey, then its chief executive, said in interviews that neither of them was notified about the early reports that the committee’s system had likely been compromised. Shawn Henry, who once led the F. B. I. ’s cyber division and is now president of CrowdStrike Services, the cybersecurity firm retained by the D. N. C. in April, said he was baffled that the F. B. I. did not call a more senior official at the D. N. C. or send an agent in person to the party headquarters to try to force a more vigorous response. “We are not talking about an office that is in the middle of the woods of Montana,” Mr. Henry said. “We are talking about an office that is half a mile from the F. B. I. office that is getting the notification. ” “This is not a    delicatessen or a local library. This is a critical piece of the U. S. infrastructure because it relates to our electoral process, our elected officials, our legislative process, our executive process,” he added. “To me it is a   serious issue, and if after a couple of months you don’t see any results, somebody ought to raise that to a higher level. ” The F. B. I. declined to comment on the agency’s handling of the hack. “The F. B. I. takes very seriously any compromise of public and private sector systems,” it said in a statement, adding that agents “will continue to share information” to help targets “safeguard their systems against the actions of persistent cybercriminals. ” By March, Mr. Tamene and his team had met at least twice in person with the F. B. I. and concluded that Agent Hawkins was really a federal employee. But then the situation took a dire turn. A second team of   hackers began to target the D. N. C. and other players in the political world, particularly Democrats. Billy Rinehart, a former D. N. C. regional field director who was then working for Mrs. Clinton’s campaign, got an odd email warning from Google. “Someone just used your password to try to sign into your Google account,” the March 22 email said, adding that the   attempt had occurred in Ukraine. “Google stopped this   attempt. You should change your password immediately. ” Mr. Rinehart was in Hawaii at the time. He remembers checking his email at 4 a. m. for messages from East Coast associates. Without thinking much about the notification, he clicked on the “change password” button and half asleep, as best he can remember, he typed in a new password. What he did not know until months later is that he had just given the Russian hackers access to his email account. Hundreds of similar phishing emails were being sent to American political targets, including an identical email sent on March 19 to Mr. Podesta, chairman of the Clinton campaign. Given how many emails Mr. Podesta received through this personal email account, several aides also had access to it, and one of them noticed the warning email, sending it to a computer technician to make sure it was legitimate before anyone clicked on the “change password” button. “This is a legitimate email,” Charles Delavan, a Clinton campaign aide, replied to another of Mr. Podesta’s aides, who had noticed the alert. “John needs to change his password immediately. ” With another click, a decade of emails that Mr. Podesta maintained in his Gmail account  —   a total of about 60, 000  —   were unlocked for the Russian hackers. Mr. Delavan, in an interview, said that his bad advice was a result of a typo: He knew this was a phishing attack, as the campaign was getting dozens of them. He said he had meant to type that it was an “illegitimate” email, an error that he said has plagued him ever since. During this second wave, the hackers also gained access to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, and then, through a virtual private network connection, to the main computer network of the D. N. C. The F. B. I. observed this surge of activity as well, again reaching out to Mr. Tamene to warn him. Yet Mr. Tamene still saw no reason to be alarmed: He found copies of the phishing emails in the D. N. C. ’s spam filter. But he had no reason, he said, to believe that the computer systems had been infiltrated. One bit of progress had finally been made by the middle of April: The D. N. C. seven months after it had first been warned, finally installed a “robust set of monitoring tools,” Mr. Tamene’s internal memo says. The United States had two decades of warning that Russia’s intelligence agencies were trying to break into America’s most sensitive computer networks. But the Russians have always managed to stay a step ahead. Their first major attack was detected on Oct. 7, 1996, when a computer operator at the Colorado School of Mines discovered some nighttime computer activity he could not explain. The school had a major contract with the Navy, and the operator warned his contacts there. But as happened two decades later at the D. N. C. at first “everyone was unable to connect the dots,” said Thomas Rid, a scholar at King’s College in London who has studied the attack. Investigators gave it a name  —   Moonlight Maze  —   and spent two years, often working day and night, tracing how it hopped from the Navy to the Department of Energy to the Air Force and NASA. In the end, they concluded that the total number of files stolen, if printed and stacked, would be taller than the Washington Monument. Whole weapons designs were flowing out the door, and it was a first taste of what was to come: an escalating campaign of cyberattacks around the world. But for years, the Russians stayed largely out of the headlines, thanks to the Chinese  —   who took bigger risks, and often got caught. They stole the designs for the   fighter jet, corporate secrets for rolling steel, even the blueprints for gas pipelines that supply much of the United States. And during the 2008 presidential election cycle, Chinese intelligence hacked into the campaigns of Mr. Obama and Mr. McCain, making off with internal position papers and communications. But they didn’t publish any of it. The Russians had not gone away, of course. “They were just a lot more stealthy,” said Kevin Mandia, a former Air Force intelligence officer who spent most of his days fighting off Russian cyberattacks before founding Mandiant, a cybersecurity firm that is now a division of FireEye  —   and the company the Clinton campaign brought in to secure its own systems. The Russians were also quicker to turn their attacks to political purposes. A 2007 cyberattack on Estonia, a former Soviet republic that had joined NATO, sent a message that Russia could paralyze the country without invading it. The next year cyberattacks were used during Russia’s war with Georgia. But American officials did not imagine that the Russians would dare try those techniques inside the United States. They were largely focused on preventing what former Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta warned was an approaching “cyber Pearl Harbor”  —   a shutdown of the power grid or cellphone networks. But in 2014 and 2015, a Russian hacking group began systematically targeting the State Department, the White House and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. “Each time, they eventually met with some form of success,” Michael Sulmeyer, a former cyberexpert for the secretary of defense, and Ben Buchanan, now both of the Harvard Cyber Security Project, wrote recently in a    published paper for the Carnegie Endowment. The Russians grew stealthier and stealthier, tricking government computers into sending out data while disguising the electronic “command and control” messages that set off alarms for anyone looking for malicious actions. The State Department was so crippled that it repeatedly closed its systems to throw out the intruders. At one point, officials traveling to Vienna with Secretary of State John Kerry for the Iran nuclear negotiations had to set up commercial Gmail accounts just to communicate with one another and with reporters traveling with them. Mr. Obama was briefed regularly on all this, but he made a decision that many in the White House now regret: He did not name Russians publicly, or issue sanctions. There was always a reason: fear of escalating a cyberwar, and concern that the United States needed Russia’s cooperation in negotiations over Syria. “We’d have all these circular meetings,” one senior State Department official said, “in which everyone agreed you had to push back at the Russians and push back hard. But it didn’t happen. ” So the Russians escalated again  —   breaking into systems not just for espionage, but to publish or broadcast what they found, known as “doxing” in the cyberworld. It was a brazen change in tactics, moving the Russians from espionage to influence operations. In February 2014, they broadcast an intercepted phone call between Victoria Nuland, the assistant secretary of state who handles Russian affairs and has a contentious relationship with Mr. Putin, and Geoffrey Pyatt, the United States ambassador to Ukraine. Ms. Nuland was heard describing a   American effort to broker a deal in Ukraine, then in political turmoil. They were not the only ones on whom the Russians used the    strategy. The Open Society Foundation, run by George Soros, was a major target, and when its documents were released, some turned out to have been altered to make it appear as if the foundation was financing Russian opposition members. Last year, the attacks became more aggressive. Russia hacked a major French television station, frying critical hardware. Around Christmas, it attacked part of the power grid in Ukraine, dropping a portion of the country into darkness, killing backup generators and taking control of generators. In retrospect, it was a warning shot. The attacks “were not fully integrated military operations,” Mr. Sulmeyer said. But they showed an increasing boldness. The day before the White House Correspondents’ Association dinner in April, Ms. Dacey, the D. N. C. ’s chief executive, was preparing for a night of parties when she got an urgent phone call. With the new monitoring system in place, Mr. Tamene had examined administrative logs of the D. N. C. ’s computer system and found something very suspicious: An unauthorized person, with   security status, had gained access to the D. N. C. ’s computers. “Not sure it is related to what the F. B. I. has been noticing,” said one internal D. N. C. email sent on April 29. “The D. N. C. may have been hacked in a serious way this week, with password theft, etc. ” No one knew just how bad the breach was  —   but it was clear that a lot more than a single filing cabinet worth of materials might have been taken. A secret committee was immediately created, including Ms. Dacey, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Mr. Brown and Michael Sussmann, a former cybercrimes prosecutor at the Department of Justice who now works at Perkins Coie, the Washington law firm that handles D. N. C. political matters. “Three most important questions,” Mr. Sussmann wrote to his clients the night the   was confirmed. “1) What data was accessed? 2) How was it done? 3) How do we stop it?” Mr. Sussmann instructed his clients not to use D. N. C. email because they had just one opportunity to lock the hackers out  —   an effort that could be foiled if the hackers knew that the D. N. C. was on to them. “You only get one chance to raise the drawbridge,” Mr. Sussmann said. “If the adversaries know you are aware of their presence, they will take steps to burrow in, or erase the logs that show they were present. ” The D. N. C. immediately hired CrowdStrike, a cybersecurity firm, to scan its computers, identify the intruders and build a new computer and telephone system from scratch. Within a day, CrowdStrike confirmed that the intrusion had originated in Russia, Mr. Sussmann said. The work that such companies do is a computer version of   crime scene investigation, with fingerprints, bullet casings and DNA swabs replaced by an electronic trail that can be just as incriminating. And just as police detectives learn to identify the telltale methods of a veteran burglar, so CrowdStrike investigators recognized the distinctive handiwork of Cozy Bear and Fancy Bear. Those are CrowdStrike’s nicknames for the two Russian hacking groups that the firm found at work inside the D. N. C. network. Cozy Bear  —   the group also known as the Dukes or A. P. T. 29, for “advanced persistent threat”  —   may or may not be associated with the F. S. B. the main successor to the   K. G. B. but it is widely believed to be a Russian government operation. It made its first appearance in 2014, said Dmitri Alperovitch, CrowdStrike’s   and chief technology officer. It was Cozy Bear, CrowdStrike concluded, that first penetrated the D. N. C. in the summer of 2015, by sending   emails to a long list of American government agencies, Washington nonprofits and government contractors. Whenever someone clicked on a phishing message, the Russians would enter the network, “exfiltrate” documents of interest and stockpile them for intelligence purposes. “Once they got into the D. N. C. they found the data valuable and decided to continue the operation,” said Mr. Alperovitch, who was born in Russia and moved to the United States as a teenager. Only in March 2016 did Fancy Bear show up  —   first penetrating the computers of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, and then jumping to the D. N. C. investigators believe. Fancy Bear, sometimes called A. P. T. 28 and believed to be directed by the G. R. U. Russia’s military intelligence agency, is an older outfit, tracked by Western investigators for nearly a decade. It was Fancy Bear that got hold of Mr. Podesta’s email. Attribution, as the skill of identifying a cyberattacker is known, is more art than science. It is often impossible to name an attacker with absolute certainty. But over time, by accumulating a reference library of hacking techniques and targets, it is possible to spot repeat offenders. Fancy Bear, for instance, has gone after military and political targets in Ukraine and Georgia, and at NATO installations. That largely rules out cybercriminals and most countries, Mr. Alperovitch said. “There’s no plausible actor that has an interest in all those victims other than Russia,” he said. Another clue: The Russian hacking groups tended to be active during working hours in the Moscow time zone. To their astonishment, Mr. Alperovitch said, CrowdStrike experts found signs that the two Russian hacking groups had not coordinated their attacks. Fancy Bear, apparently not knowing that Cozy Bear had been rummaging in D. N. C. files for months, took many of the same documents. In the six weeks after CrowdStrike’s arrival, in total secrecy, the computer system at the D. N. C. was replaced. For a weekend, email and phones were shut off employees were told it was a system upgrade. All laptops were turned in and the hard drives wiped clean, with the uninfected information on them imaged to new drives. Though D. N. C. officials had learned that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee had been infected, too, they did not notify their sister organization, which was in the same building, because they were afraid that it would leak. All of this work took place as the bitter contest for the Democratic nomination continued to play out between Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders, and it was already causing a major distraction for Ms. Wasserman Schultz and the D. N. C. ’s chief executive. “This was not a bump in the road  —   bumps in the road happen all the time,” she said in an interview. “Two different Russian spy agencies had hacked into our network and stolen our property. And we did not yet know what they had taken. But we knew they had very broad access to our network. There was a tremendous amount of uncertainty. And it was chilling. ” The D. N. C. executives and their lawyer had their first formal meeting with senior F. B. I. officials in   nine months after the bureau’s first call to the   contractor. Among the early requests at that meeting, according to participants: that the federal government make a quick “attribution” formally blaming actors with ties to Russian government for the attack to make clear that it was not routine hacking but foreign espionage. “You have a presidential election underway here and you know that the Russians have hacked into the D. N. C. ,” Mr. Sussmann said, recalling the message to the F. B. I. “We need to tell the American public that. And soon. ” In   on Mr. Sussmann’s advice, D. N. C. leaders decided to take a bold step. Concerned that word of the hacking might leak, they decided to go public in The Washington Post with the news that the committee had been attacked. That way, they figured, they could get ahead of the story, win a little sympathy from voters for being victimized by Russian hackers and refocus on the campaign. But the very next day, a new, deeply unsettling shock awaited them. Someone calling himself Guccifer 2. 0 appeared on the web, claiming to be the D. N. C. hacker  —   and he posted a confidential committee document detailing Mr. Trump’s record and half a dozen other documents to prove his bona fides. “And it’s just a tiny part of all docs I downloaded from the Democrats networks,” he wrote. Then something more ominous: “The main part of the papers, thousands of files and mails, I gave to WikiLeaks. They will publish them soon. ” It was bad enough that Russian hackers had been spying inside the committee’s network for months. Now the public release of documents had turned a conventional espionage operation into something far more menacing: political sabotage, an unpredictable, uncontrollable menace for Democratic campaigns. Guccifer 2. 0 borrowed the moniker of an earlier hacker, a Romanian who called himself Guccifer and was jailed for breaking into the personal computers of former President George W. Bush, former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell and other notables. This new attacker seemed intent on showing that the D. N. C. ’s cyberexperts at CrowdStrike were wrong to blame Russia. Guccifer 2. 0 called himself a “lone hacker” and mocked CrowdStrike for calling the attackers “sophisticated. ” But online investigators quickly undercut his story. On a whim, Lorenzo   a writer for Motherboard, the tech and culture site of Vice, tried to contact Guccifer 2. 0 by direct message on Twitter. “Surprisingly, he answered right away,” Mr.   said. But whoever was on the other end seemed to be mocking him. “I asked him why he did it, and he said he wanted to expose the Illuminati. He called himself a Gucci lover. And he said he was Romanian. ” That gave Mr.   an idea. Using Google Translate, he sent the purported hacker some questions in Romanian. The answers came back in Romanian. But when he was offline, Mr.   checked with a couple of native speakers, who told him Guccifer 2. 0 had apparently been using Google Translate as well  —   and was clearly not the Romanian he claimed to be. Cyberresearchers found other clues pointing to Russia. Microsoft Word documents posted by Guccifer 2. 0 had been edited by someone calling himself, in Russian, Felix Edmundovich  —   an obvious nom de guerre honoring the founder of the Soviet secret police, Felix Edmundovich Dzerzhinsky. Bad links in the texts were marked by warnings in Russian, generated by what was clearly a   version of Word. When Mr.   managed to engage Guccifer 2. 0 over a period of weeks, he found that his interlocutor’s tone and manner changed. “At first he was careless and colloquial. Weeks later, he was curt and more calculating,” he said. “It seemed like a group of people, and a very sloppy attempt to cover up. ” Computer experts drew the same conclusion about DCLeaks. com, a site that sprang up in June, claiming to be the work of “hacktivists” but posting more stolen documents. It, too, seemed to be a clumsy front for the same Russians who had stolen the documents. Notably, the website was registered in April, suggesting that the Russian hacking team planned well in advance to make public what it stole. In addition to what Guccifer 2. 0 published on his site, he provided material directly on request to some bloggers and publications. The steady flow of Guccifer 2. 0 documents constantly undercut Democratic messaging efforts. On July 6, 12 days before the Republican National Convention began in Cleveland, Guccifer released the D. N. C. ’s battle plan and budget for countering it. For Republican operatives, it was insider gold. Then WikiLeaks, a far more established outlet, began to publish the hacked material  —   just as Guccifer 2. 0 had promised. On July 22, three days before the start of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, WikiLeaks dumped out 44, 053 D. N. C. emails with 17, 761 attachments. Some of the messages made clear that some D. N. C. officials favored Mrs. Clinton over her progressive challenger, Mr. Sanders. That was no shock Mr. Sanders, after all, had been an independent socialist, not a Democrat, during his long career in Congress, while Mrs. Clinton had been one of the party’s stars for decades. But the emails, some of them crude or insulting, infuriated Sanders delegates as they arrived in Philadelphia. Ms. Wasserman Schultz resigned under pressure on the eve of the convention where she had planned to preside. Mr. Trump, by now the Republican nominee, expressed delight at the continuing jolts to his opponent, and he began to use Twitter and his stump speeches to highlight the WikiLeaks releases. On July 25, he sent out a lighthearted tweet: “The new joke in town,” he wrote, “is that Russia leaked the disastrous D. N. C.   which should never have been written (stupid) because Putin likes me. ” But WikiLeaks was far from finished. On Oct. 7, a month before the election, the site began the serial publication of thousands of private emails to and from Mr. Podesta, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign manager. The same day, the United States formally accused the Russian government of being behind the hackings, in a joint statement by the director of national intelligence and the Department of Homeland Security, and Mr. Trump suffered his worst blow to date, with the release of a recording in which he bragged about sexually assaulting women. The Podesta emails were nowhere near as sensational as the Trump video. But, released by WikiLeaks day after day over the last month of the campaign, they provided material for countless news reports. They disclosed the contents of Mrs. Clinton’s speeches to large banks, which she had refused to release. They exposed tensions inside the campaign, including disagreements over donations to the Clinton Foundation that staff members thought might look bad for the candidate and Ms. Tanden’s complaint that Mrs. Clinton’s instincts were “suboptimal. ” “I was just mortified,” Ms. Tanden said in an interview. Her emails were released on the eve of one of the presidential debates, she recalled. “I put my hands over my head and said, ‘I can’t believe this is happening to me. ’” Though she had regularly appeared on television to support Mrs. Clinton, she canceled her appearances because all the questions were about what she had said in the emails. Ms. Tanden, like other Democrats whose messages became public, said it was obvious to her that WikiLeaks was trying its best to damage the Clinton campaign. “If you care about transparency, you put all the emails out at once,” she said. “But they wanted to hurt her. So they put them out 1, 800 to 3, 000 a day. ” The Trump campaign knew in advance about WikiLeaks’ plans. Days before the Podesta email release began, Roger Stone, a Republican operative working with the Trump campaign, sent out an excited tweet about what was coming. But in an interview, Mr. Stone said he had no role in the leaks he had just heard from an American with ties to WikiLeaks that damning emails were coming. Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks founder and editor, has resisted the conclusion that his site became a   for Russian hackers working for Mr. Putin’s government or that he was deliberately trying to undermine Mrs. Clinton’s candidacy. But the evidence on both counts appears compelling. In a series of email exchanges, Mr. Assange refused to say anything about WikiLeaks’ source for the hacked material. He denied that he had made his animus toward Mrs. Clinton clear in public statements (“False. But what is this? Junior high? ”) or that the site had timed the releases for maximum negative effect on her campaign. “WikiLeaks makes its decisions based on newsworthiness, including for its recent epic scoops,” he wrote. Mr. Assange disputed the conclusion of the Oct. 7 statement from the intelligence agencies that the leaks were “intended to interfere with the U. S. election process. ” “This is false,” he wrote. “As the disclosing party we know that this was not the intent. Publishers publishing newsworthy information during an election is part of a free election. ” But asked whether he believed the leaks were one reason for Mr. Trump’s election, Mr. Assange seemed happy to take credit. “Americans extensively engaged with our publications,” he wrote. “According to Facebook statistics WikiLeaks was the most referenced political topic during October. ” Though Mr. Assange did not say so, WikiLeaks’ best defense may be the conduct of the mainstream American media. Every major publication, including The Times, published multiple stories citing the D. N. C. and Podesta emails posted by WikiLeaks, becoming a de facto instrument of Russian intelligence. Mr. Putin, a student of martial arts, had turned two institutions at the core of American democracy  —   political campaigns and independent media  —   to his own ends. The media’s appetite for the hacked material, and its focus on the gossipy content instead of the Russian source, disturbed some of those whose personal emails were being reposted across the web. “What was really surprising to me?” Ms. Tanden said. “I could not believe that reporters were covering it. ” Inside the White House, as Mr. Obama’s advisers debated their response, their conversation turned to North Korea. In late 2014, hackers working for Kim   the North’s young and unpredictable leader, had carried out a   attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment intended to stop the Christmastime release of a comedy about a C. I. A. plot to kill Mr. Kim. In that case, embarrassing emails had also been released. But the real damage was done to Sony’s own systems: More than 70 percent of its computers melted down when a particularly virulent form of malware was released. Within weeks, intelligence agencies traced the attack back to the North and its leadership. Mr. Obama called North Korea out in public, and issued some    sanctions. The Chinese even cooperated, briefly cutting off the North’s internet connections. As the first Situation Room meetings on the Russian hacking began in July, “it was clear that Russia was going to be a much more complicated case,” said one participant. The Russians clearly had a more sophisticated understanding of American politics, and they were masters of “kompromat,” their term for compromising information. But a formal “attribution report” still had not been forwarded to the president. “It took forever,” one senior administration official said, complaining about the pace at which the intelligence assessments moved through the system. In August a group that called itself the “Shadow Brokers” published a set of software tools that looked like what the N. S. A. uses to break into foreign computer networks and install “implants,” malware that can be used for surveillance or attack. The code came from the Tailored Access Operations unit of the N. S. A. a secretive group that mastered the arts of surveillance and cyberwar. The assumption  —   still unproved  —   was that the code was put out in the open by the Russians as a warning: Retaliate for the D. N. C. and there are a lot more secrets, from the hackings of the State Department, the White House and the Pentagon, that might be spilled as well. One senior official compared it to the scene in “The Godfather” where the head of a favorite horse is left in a bed, as a warning. The N. S. A. said nothing. But by late August, Admiral Rogers, its director, was pressing for a more muscular response to the Russians. In his role as director of the Pentagon’s Cyber Command, he proposed a series of potential  . While officials will not discuss them in detail, the possible counterstrikes reportedly included operations that would turn the tables on Mr. Putin, exposing his financial links to Russia’s oligarchs, and punching holes in the Russian internet to allow dissidents to get their message out. Pentagon officials judged the measures too unsubtle and ordered up their own set of options. But in the end, none of those were formally presented to the president. In a series of “deputies meetings” run by Avril Haines, the deputy national security adviser and a former deputy director of the C. I. A. several officials warned that an overreaction by the administration would play into Mr. Putin’s hands. “If we went to Defcon 4,” one frequent participant in Ms. Haines’s meetings said, using a phrase from the Cold War days of warnings of war, “we would be saying to the public that we didn’t have confidence in the integrity of our voting system. ” Even something seemingly straightforward  —   using the president’s executive powers, bolstered after the Sony incident, to place economic and travel sanctions on cyberattackers  —   seemed too risky. “No one was all that eager to impose costs before Election Day,” said another participant in the classified meeting. “Any retaliatory measures were seen through the prism of what would happen on Election Day. ” Instead, when Mr. Obama’s national security team reconvened after summer vacation, the focus turned to a crash effort to secure the nation’s voting machines and   rolls from hacking. The scenario they discussed most frequently  —   one that turned out not to be an issue  —   was a narrow vote in favor of Mrs. Clinton, followed by a declaration by Mr. Trump that the vote was “rigged” and more leaks intended to undercut her legitimacy. Donna Brazile, the interim chairwoman of the D. N. C. became increasingly frustrated as the clock continued to run down on the presidential election  —   and still there was no broad public condemnation by the White House, or Republican Party leaders, of the attack as an act of foreign espionage. Ms. Brazile even reached out to Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, urging him twice in private conversations and in a letter to join her in condemning the attacks  —   an offer he declined to take up. “We just kept hearing the government would respond, the government would respond,” she said. “Once upon a time, if a foreign government interfered with our election we would respond as a nation, not as a political party. ” But Mr. Obama did decide that he would deliver a warning to Mr. Putin in person at a Group of 20 summit meeting in Hangzhou, China, the last time they would be in the same place while Mr. Obama was still in office. When the two men met for a tense   Mr. Obama explicitly warned Mr. Putin of a strong American response if there was continued effort to influence the election or manipulate the vote, according to White House officials who were not present for the    meeting. Later that day, Mr. Obama made a rare reference to America’s own offensive cybercapacity, which he has almost never talked about. “Frankly, both offensively and defensively, we have more capacity,” he told reporters. But when it came time to make a public assertion of Russia’s role in early October, it was made in a written statement from the director of national intelligence and the secretary of homeland security. It was far less dramatic than the president’s appearance in the press room two years before to directly accuse the North Koreans of attacking Sony. The reference in the statement to hackings on “political organizations,” officials now say, encompassed a hacking on data stored by the Republicans as well. Two senior officials say the forensic evidence was accompanied by “human and technical” sources in Russia, which appears to mean that the United States’ implants or taps in Russian computer and phone networks helped confirm the country’s role. But that may not be known for decades, until the secrets are declassified. A week later Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. was sent out to transmit a public warning to Mr. Putin: The United States will retaliate “at the time of our choosing. And under the circumstances that have the greatest impact. ” Later, after Mr. Biden said he was not concerned that Russia could “fundamentally alter the election,” he was asked whether the American public would know if the message to Mr. Putin had been sent. “Hope not,” Mr. Biden responded. Some of his former colleagues think that was the wrong answer. An American counterstrike, said Michael Morell, the former deputy director of the C. I. A. under Mr. Obama, has “got to be overt. It needs to be seen. ” A covert response would significantly limit the deterrence effect, he added. “If you can’t see it, it’s not going to deter the Chinese and North Koreans and Iranians and others. ” The Obama administration says it still has more than 30 days to do exactly that. As the year draws to a close, it now seems possible that there will be multiple investigations of the Russian hacking  —   the intelligence review Mr. Obama has ordered completed by Jan. 20, the day he leaves office, and one or more congressional inquiries. They will wrestle with, among other things, Mr. Putin’s motive. Did he seek to mar the brand of American democracy, to forestall   activism for both Russians and their neighbors? Or to weaken the next American president, since presumably Mr. Putin had no reason to doubt American forecasts that Mrs. Clinton would win easily? Or was it, as the C. I. A. concluded last month, a deliberate attempt to elect Mr. Trump? In fact, the Russian    scheme accomplished all three goals. What seems clear is that Russian hacking, given its success, is not going to stop. Two weeks ago, the German intelligence chief, Bruno Kahl, warned that Russia might target elections in Germany next year. “The perpetrators have an interest to delegitimize the democratic process as such,” Mr. Kahl said. Now, he added, “Europe is in the focus of these attempts of disturbance, and Germany to a particularly great extent. ” But Russia has by no means forgotten its American target. On the day after the presidential election, the cybersecurity company Volexity reported five new waves of phishing emails, evidently from Cozy Bear, aimed at think tanks and nonprofits in the United States. One of them purported to be from Harvard University, attaching a fake paper. Its title: “Why American Elections Are Flawed. ”"
90,17389,Trump Said ‘Torture Works.’ An Echo Is Feared Worldwide. - The New York Times,New York Times,James Risen and Sheri Fink,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"When the United Nations’ top   official tried to inspect an infamous prison in Gambia two years ago, officials there denied him access. So he protested all the way up the country’s chain of command. In a tense meeting with members of the cabinet of the country’s autocratic ruler, the United Nations official, Juan E. Méndez, was again denied, this time with a jeering dismissal. “They said, ‘Why don’t you go to Guantánamo instead,’” recalled Mr. Mendez, a former United Nations special rapporteur on torture. In Bahrain, officials were a little more subtle, but the message was the same, as they twice canceled prison inspection visits. “They said we face the same threats to national security as other countries face,” Mr. Mendez said. “It was clear they were referring to the United States, and they didn’t feel that they needed to give me access. ” Now, after   Donald J. Trump’s campaign vows to reinstate the sort of torture used in the   war on terrorism  —   and to fill the Guantánamo Bay prison with “some bad dudes”  —   human rights experts fear that authoritarian regimes around the world will see it as another green light to carry out their own abuses. A return to such “enhanced interrogation”  —   and even to techniques that Mr. Trump has pledged will be “much worse”  —   would also send a powerful message just as nations around the world have begun to examine their own past abuses to ensure that they will not be repeated. “Sometimes we see progress, and then we see ” said Victor   the   of the International Rehabilitation Council for Torture Victims, a   umbrella organization for   groups. “When the U. S. was engaging in torture, that created an enormous   of the pendulum,” he added. “There were a lot of officials in other countries during the Bush administration who were saying, ‘The Americans are doing it, so why can’t we?’ Now, with Trump saying, ‘I will bring a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding,’ you can imagine how far we could go backwards. ” Nils Melzer, who succeeded Mr. Mendez as the United Nations’ special rapporteur on torture in November, warned that if the Trump administration revived the use of torture, the consequences around the world “would be catastrophic. ” A fragile consensus against torture, said José Miguel Vivanco, the regional director for the Americas for Human Rights Watch, could be shattered “when you have the White House openly advocating for torture. ” During the campaign, Mr. Trump declared that “torture works,” and he vowed to “immediately” reinstate techniques like waterboarding because “we have to beat the savages” of the Islamic State, who “deserve” such treatment even if it is fruitless. Since the election, Mr. Trump has indicated that he might be reconsidering his position, citing the firm stance against torture by James N. Mattis, his Pentagon nominee. In an interview with The New York Times in November, Mr. Trump said that he was “surprised” when Mr. Mattis told him that he opposed torture and instead favored more humane interrogations of prisoners based on rapport building. But Mr. Trump did not close the door entirely. If Americans feel strongly about bringing back waterboarding and other tactics, he said, “I would be guided by that. ” Nora Sveaass, a psychologist at the University of Oslo and a former member of the United Nations Committee Against Torture, warned that if Mr. Trump revived the use of torture by the United States, it would have a ripple effect around the globe. “The U. S. is a very strong voice,” Ms. Sveaass said. “It’s just like putting a bomb into all of those major principles  —   the absolute prohibition on torture the absolute obligation to provide redress and justice to victims of torture, including rehabilitation the obligation to investigate and hold people to account,” she added. “If one country such as the U. S. openly torpedoes those principles, you can just forget about asking for compliance from states already challenging the absolute prohibition. ” The signal from Mr. Trump that torture is acceptable again comes just as countries from Argentina to Tunisia, either through courts or special truth commissions, are engaged in tentative efforts to hold themselves accountable for past conduct. In Argentina, Omar Graffigna, the    former chief of the country’s air force, was sentenced to prison in September for the 1978 kidnapping and torture of two   activists, Patricia Roisinblit and José Manuel Pérez Rojo. The prosecution of Mr. Graffigna was just one in a series of old cases that have been brought into the courts this year in Argentina, as the nation comes to grips with the legacy of its “dirty war” of the 1970s and early 1980s. In Tunisia, a new Truth and Dignity Commission held its first hearings in November, allowing torture victims to tell their harrowing stories before a national television audience. The commission was created to investigate torture and other human rights violations dating to 1955, primarily by the regime of President Zine   Ben Ali, who was deposed during the Arab Spring in 2011. And in December, Bolivia’s legislature voted to create a truth commission to investigate torture, murders and other crimes committed by a series of authoritarian regimes from 1964 to 1982. Even in countries that have not conducted such   investigations, new     organizations have begun to take root, and those groups are trying to make it more difficult for their governments to continue to engage in torture with secrecy and impunity. Samuel Herbert Nsubuga, the chief executive of the African Center for Treatment and Rehabilitation of Torture Victims, based in Uganda, said   legislation that the country passed in 2012 had still not been put into effect. When the law finally takes effect, “our challenge will be to bring some people to trial in Uganda for torture,” he said. In the meantime, his group has enlisted doctors and psychologists to provide medical help and therapy to torture victims, as well as lawyers to provide legal advice. But the moves toward examining past abuses are so far limited to relatively small nations or countries where the focus is on historical events rather than the current use of torture. The inquiries are also often being conducted in the face of strong resistance from top government officials, who oppose aggressive investigations even of past crimes. Those modest efforts could face sharp setbacks if Mr. Trump brings back banned practices. “I am afraid that Trump’s government will question the basic values of the international order, and torturing people will be justified,” said Carlos Jibaja, a psychologist with CAPS, a group in Lima, Peru, that helps victims of torture. At the same time, Mr. Trump’s advocacy of torture may encourage some major countries, like Russia and the Philippines, to be even more open and aggressive in their use of torture. Olga Sadovskaya, the vice chairwoman of the Committee Against Torture, a human rights group in Russia, said that torture was already common in the country. She noted that Russian prison and police officials routinely used torture tactics with cruel nicknames, such as the “President Putin,” which involves attaching wires from an office telephone to a victim’s body and then running electric current through it. The police like that tactic, she said, because it does not leave marks. Edeliza Hernandez, the executive director of the Medical Action Group in the Philippines, an organization that documents cases of torture and provides treatment and rehabilitation, estimated that there were 200 political prisoners in detention centers in the country, and said that most of them had been tortured. “The government has soldiers watch us while we inspect prisoners,” she said. Mr. Melzer, the United Nations official, warned that if Mr. Trump followed through on his pledges, more countries would follow his lead and get back into the torture business. “What kind of message would that be to the world?” Mr. Melzer asked. “It couldn’t be worse. What happens to the role of the United States as an example in the world, and what would that mean for the policies of other states? If the United States does it, those other countries will know they can get away with it. The last thing the world needs is a U. S. president legitimizing this. ”"
91,17390,Republicans’ 4-Step Plan to Repeal the Affordable Care Act - The New York Times,New York Times,Robert Pear,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Vice   Mike Pence and the top Republicans in Congress made clear on Wednesday, more powerfully and explicitly than ever, that they are dead serious about repealing the Affordable Care Act. How they can uproot a law deeply embedded in the nation’s health care system without hurting some of the 20 million people who have gained coverage through it is not clear. Nor is it yet evident that millions of Americans with   medical conditions will be fully protected against disruptions in their health coverage. But a determined Republican president and Congress can gut the Affordable Care Act, and do it quickly: a    health care revolution in reverse that would undo many of the changes made since the law was signed by President Obama in March 2010. The Senate intends to pass a budget resolution next week that would shield repeal legislation from a Democratic filibuster. If the Senate completes its action, House Republican leaders hope that they, too, can approve a version of the budget resolution next week. Whether they can meet that goal is unclear. The resolution contains seemingly innocuous language, instructing four committees that control health care policy  —   two in the Senate, two in the House  —   to draft legislation within their jurisdiction that would cut at least $1 billion from the deficit over 10 years. But that language has real teeth. The legislation produced to meet those instructions can pass the Senate with a simple majority  —   51 votes if all senators are present  —   obliterating the power of the Democratic minority to block it. Those four committees would have just a few weeks, until Jan. 27, to produce legislation repealing major provisions of the Affordable Care Act. House Republicans have some practice at this, because they have voted more than 60 times since 2011 to repeal some or all of the law. The budget blueprint will guide Congress but will not be presented to the president for a signature or veto. The committees  —   House Energy and Commerce, House Ways and Means, Senate Finance, and Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions  —   will quickly assemble legislation intended to eviscerate the health care law. The repeal legislation will be in the form of a reconciliation bill, authorized by the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. Such bills can be adopted under special   procedures. But Senate rules generally bar the use of those procedures for measures that have no effect on spending or revenue. So the legislation, as now conceived, would probably leave the most popular provisions of the health law intact, such as the prohibition on insurers’ denying coverage to people with   conditions. Instead, the legislation would: ■ Eliminate the tax penalties imposed on people who go without insurance and on larger employers who do not offer coverage to employees. ■ Eliminate tens of billions of dollars provided each year to states that have expanded eligibility for Medicaid. ■ Repeal subsidies for private health insurance coverage obtained through the public marketplaces known as exchanges. It could also repeal some of the taxes and fees that help pay for the expansion of coverage under the Affordable Care Act. But some Republicans have indicated that they may want to use some of that revenue for their    plan to replace the health care law. The 2010 law imposed taxes and fees on certain   people and on health insurers and manufacturers of   prescription drugs and medical devices, among others. Republicans have not said for sure which taxes they will scrap and which they may keep. Republicans say they will delay the effective date of their repeal bill to avoid disrupting coverage and to provide time for them to develop alternatives to Mr. Obama’s law. They disagree over how long the delay should last, with two to four years being mentioned as possibilities. Within days of taking office,   Donald J. Trump plans to announce executive actions on health care. Some may undo Obama administration policies. Others will be meant to stabilize health insurance markets and prevent them from collapsing in a vast sea of uncertainty. “We are working on a series of executive orders that the   will put into effect to ensure that there is an orderly transition, during the period after we repeal Obamacare, to a   health care economy,” Mr. Pence said at the Capitol on Wednesday. He did not provide details, and Trump transition aides said they had no information about the executive orders. But some options are apparent. The federal government could continue providing financial assistance to insurance companies to protect them against financial losses and to prevent consumers’ premiums from soaring more than they have in the last few years. Even as they move full speed toward gutting the existing health law, Republicans are scrambling to find a replacement. At the moment, they have no consensus. Mr. Pence said on Wednesday that the replacement would probably encourage greater use of personal health savings accounts and make it easier for carriers to sell insurance across state lines. Also, he said, it would encourage small businesses to band together and buy insurance through “association health plans” sponsored by business and professional organizations. Some type of subsidy or tax credit for consumers, to help defray the cost of premiums, is also likely. States would have more authority to set insurance standards, and the federal government would have less. Mr. Trump has also endorsed the idea of   “  pools” for people with   conditions who would otherwise have difficulty finding affordable coverage. Many experts have said that repealing the health law without a clear plan to replace it could create havoc in insurance markets. Doctors, hospitals and insurance companies do not know what to expect. Without an effective requirement for people to carry insurance, and without subsidies to buy it, supporters of the law say many healthy people would go without coverage, knowing they could obtain it if they became ill and needed it. Democrats in Congress say they will do everything they can to thwart Republican efforts to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. They plan to dramatize their case by publicizing the experiences of people whose lives have been saved or improved by the law. In the Senate next week, Democrats will demand votes intended to put Republicans on record against proposals that could protect consumers. Defenders of the law also hope to mobilize groups like the American Cancer Society and the American Heart Association to speak up for patients. The Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, and the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi of California, are encouraging their colleagues to organize rallies around the country on Jan. 15 to oppose the Republicans’ health care agenda. And to buttress their case, Democrats are compiling statistics from the White House and from researchers at   groups like the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, the Commonwealth Fund and the Urban Institute, which warn of catastrophic consequences if the law is repealed."
92,17391,"In Break With Precedent, Obama Envoys Are Denied Extensions Past Inauguration Day - The New York Times",New York Times,Julie Hirschfeld Davis,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump’s transition staff has issued a blanket edict requiring politically appointed ambassadors to leave their overseas posts by Inauguration Day, according to several American diplomats familiar with the plan, breaking with decades of precedent by declining to provide even the briefest of grace periods. The mandate  —   issued “without exceptions,” according to a terse State Department cable sent on Dec. 23, diplomats who saw it said  —   threatens to leave the United States without   envoys for months in critical nations like Germany, Canada and Britain. In the past, administrations of both parties have often granted extensions on a    basis to allow a handful of ambassadors, particularly those with   children, to remain in place for weeks or months. Mr. Trump, by contrast, has taken a hard line against leaving any of President Obama’s political appointees in place as he prepares to take office on Jan. 20 with a mission of dismantling many of his predecessor’s signature foreign and domestic policy achievements. “Political” ambassadors, many of them major donors who are nominated by virtue of close ties with the president, almost always leave at the end of his term ambassadors who are career diplomats often remain in their posts. A senior Trump transition official said there was no ill will in the move, describing it as a simple matter of ensuring that Mr. Obama’s overseas appointees leave the government on schedule, just as thousands of political aides at the White House and in federal agencies must do. The official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity about internal deliberations, said the ambassadors should not be surprised about being held to a hard end date. The directive has nonetheless upended the personal lives of many ambassadors, who are scrambling to secure living arrangements and acquire visas allowing them to remain in their countries so their children can remain in school, the diplomats said. They spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to comment publicly on the matter. In Costa Rica, Ambassador Stafford Fitzgerald Haney is hunting for a house or an apartment as his family  —   which includes four   children and his wife, who has been battling breast cancer  —   struggles to figure out how to avoid a move back to the United States with five months left in the school year, according to the diplomats. In the Czech Republic, they said, Ambassador Andrew H. Schapiro is seeking housing in Prague as well as lobbying his children’s   school to break with policy and accept them back midyear. In Brussels and Geneva, Denise Bauer, the United States ambassador to Belgium, and Pamela Hamamoto, the permanent representative to the United Nations, are both trying to find a way to keep daughters from having to move just months before their high school graduation. Ronald E. Neumann, the president of the American Academy of Diplomacy, a   nonprofit association for former ambassadors and senior diplomats, said it was reasonable to expect ambassadors to return at the end of a term, given that they are direct representatives of the president with broad grants of authority. But he could not recall an occasion on which such a strict timeline had been applied. “When you have people out there whose only reason for being an ambassador is their political connection to the outgoing president of a different party, it’s pretty logical to say they should leave,” said Mr. Neumann, a career Foreign Service officer who held ambassadorships in Algeria, Bahrain and Afghanistan. “But I don’t recollect there was ever a guillotine in January where it was just, ‘Everybody out of the pool immediately. ’” W. Robert Pearson, a former ambassador to Turkey and a scholar at the Middle East Institute in Washington, said the rule was “quite extraordinary,” adding that it could undermine American interests and signal a hasty change in direction that exacerbates jitters among allies about their relationships with the new administration. With the world already primed to be worrying about such an abrupt change, “this is just a very concrete signal that it is going to happen,” Mr. Pearson said. At a White House farewell reception that Mr. Obama held on Wednesday night for noncareer ambassadors, many of them commiserated, attendees said, comparing notes about how to handle the situation. Some expressed dismay that Mr. Trump, whose wife, Melania, has chosen to stay in New York to avoid moving the couple’s    son, Barron, to a new school midyear, would not ensure that such allowances were made for American ambassadors. They are weighing a direct appeal to Rex W. Tillerson, Mr. Trump’s nominee for secretary of state, or other top transition officials to reconsider the policy. Derek Shearer, a professor of diplomacy at Occidental College who is a former United States ambassador to Finland, said it was difficult to see a rationale for the decision. “It feels like there’s an element just of spite and payback in it,” he said. “I don’t see a higher policy motive. ” The State Department informed all politically appointed ambassadors in a letter the day after the election that they were to submit letters of resignation effective Jan. 20. It instructed those who wanted to seek extensions to submit formal requests explaining their justifications. Incoming presidents of both parties have often made exceptions to allow ambassadors to wrap up personal affairs and important diplomatic business while their successors were in the confirmation process, which can take months. Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Mr. Obama all granted extensions for a few politically appointed ambassadors. Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell offered particularly wide latitude to ambassadors facing family issues, said Marc Grossman, a longtime diplomat and former top State Department official who is vice chairman of the Cohen Group, a Washington consultancy. “This was something that was important to Secretary Powell because of his own experience living and serving all over the world, so when people asked him, ‘Could I stay another couple of weeks, couple of months my kids are finishing school,’ he was very accommodating,” Mr. Grossman said, adding that his flexibility was an “exception” to the general practice. “He was trying to, I think, send a message that family was important. ”"
93,17392,Trump Takes on Democrats and Health Law in New Twitter Blitz - The New York Times,New York Times,Julie Hirschfeld Davis,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump lashed out at Democrats on Thursday over their efforts to preserve President Obama’s health care coverage law, insulting their top legislative leader and denouncing the measure as a “lie” as he called for a less expensive and more effective system. “The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in,” Mr. Trump wrote in the first of three   posts on Twitter. The posts arrived the day after Mr. Obama huddled with Democrats on Capitol Hill to strategize over protecting the Affordable Care Act and Vice   Mike Pence met with Republicans about how to gut it. “Instead of working to fix it, they do the typical political thing and BLAME,” Mr. Trump continued on Twitter. “The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning. ‘Keep you doctor, keep your plan! ’” He said it was time for Republicans and Democrats to work together on a “plan that really works  —   much less expensive  FAR BETTER!” The messages could be seen as Mr. Trump’s latest attempt to seize the narrative of the day and deflect attention from a story line less favorable to him. Senate Republicans convened a hearing on Thursday to examine intelligence that the Russians engaged in computer hacking to affect the outcome of the presidential campaign. Mr. Trump has disputed that the Russians were to blame, and he has criticized American intelligence agencies for their work. Mr. Trump also used the social media platform to push back against criticism he attracted on Wednesday for siding with Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks founder, over United States intelligence officials in rejecting Russian responsibility for the hacking. Mr. Trump’s latest Twitter salvo also appeared to be an attempt to mount a political defense of his bid to scrap the law that has provided health care coverage to tens of millions of Americans, as Democrats work to make that effort politically toxic. Mr. Schumer responded later Thursday, saying the   was in a “difficult spot” on the issue. “Instead of calling names,” Mr. Schumer said at a news conference on Capitol Hill, Mr. Trump “should roll up his sleeves and show us a replacement plan that will cover the 20 million Americans who gained coverage, that will cover students or   students, 21 to 26, who want to stay on their parents’ plan, that will show how we cover people with   conditions. ” On Wednesday, the   appeared to acknowledge the challenges of doing so without being saddled by voters with a share of blame for the shortcomings of the measure. “Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases,” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter on Wednesday, adding in a separate post: “Don’t let the Schumer clowns out of this web. ” His comments on Thursday came as Mr. Obama took a subtle swipe at the   in a farewell letter, without naming him, writing that Americans never voted for rolling back the health care measure. “What won’t help is taking health care away from 30 million Americans, most of them white and working class denying overtime pay to workers, most of whom have more than earned it or privatizing Medicare and Social Security and letting Wall Street regulate itself again  —   none of which   Americans voted for,” Mr. Obama said in the   letter. As the debate unfolded in Washington, Mr. Trump on Thursday spent more than an hour sitting for a deposition in New York as part of his legal feud with the renowned chef José Andres, whom Mr. Trump is suing for pulling out of a plan to open a new restaurant in his luxury hotel near the White House. Mr. Andres, who is   has said he canceled the project because of Mr. Trump’s disparaging rhetoric about Mexican immigrants during his presidential campaign. Alan Garten, general counsel for the Trump Organization, called the case “fairly straightforward. ” “In short, the parties entered into a valid and enforceable lease, which the tenant clearly breached by walking out and failing to perform its obligations, thereby entitling the landlord to recover damages in the form of unpaid rent, cost of build out, lost profits and other expenses,” Mr. Garten said in a statement."
94,17393,"Ending Speculation, Black College Says Band Will Play at Inaugural Parade - The New York Times",New York Times,Richard Fausset,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"TALLADEGA, Ala.  —   For a band at a tiny,   historically black college, it seems in some ways to be the gig of a lifetime: a chance to march and perform at the Jan. 20 presidential inaugural parade in Washington. Some of the musicians at Talladega College have been excited to see the capital for the first time. But because the   is Donald J. Trump, the school has become the subject of an impassioned national outcry, with online petitions, threats to end donations and a flurry of    from alumni who feel that performing in the parade would betray the values of an institution founded by newly freed slaves 150 years ago. On Thursday, after days of speculation that the college administration might bow to the pressure and remove the band from the parade roster, the president of Talladega College, Billy Hawkins, issued a statement confirming the participation of the band, the Marching Tornadoes, and argued, in essence, that the 58th presidential inauguration is about something bigger than Mr. Trump. “We respect and appreciate how our students and alumni feel about our participation in this parade,” Dr. Hawkins said. “As many of those who chose to participate in the parade have said, we feel the inauguration of a new president is not a political event but a civil ceremony celebrating the transfer of power. ” Similar issues have been raised about other entertainers scheduled to perform, among them the Radio City Rockettes and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. But because of Talladega’s history, the issues have been especially intense here, with calls for the college to reverse its decision to take part in the festivities. And beyond Talladega, the controversies raise tough questions for Mr. Trump’s most ardent critics as his presidency dawns: What is the proper response to a president as polarizing as Mr. Trump? Should the office of the president be honored, no matter who fills it? Or should there be four years of pure rejection and defiance? And if Mr. Trump’s opponents refuse to participate in his presidency, can critics on the right do the same thing to some other   in the future? To a number of Talladega alumni, the Dec. 30 announcement that the band would march in the parade was an insult to the very principles of the college, which was established two years after the end of the Civil War. The school is affiliated with the United Church of Christ, a liberal Protestant denomination that was deeply involved in the civil rights movement, and for decades it served as an incubator for theories and practices of social justice. Nikky Finney, a poet and Talladega graduate who is now a professor at the University of South Carolina, said in a statement this week that the band should not help celebrate Mr. Trump, who, she said, has maligned women and Mexican immigrants and has proposed barring all Muslims from entering the country. In an interview on Thursday, Ms. Finney, channeling a James Brown lyric, said the college had “sold out the history of Talladega College for chicken change” and “maybe a tin star on a hatemonger’s parade route. ” As of Thursday afternoon, an online petition calling for the band to withdraw from the inaugural parade had attracted more than 1, 900 signers, some of them supporters of the college who have threatened to withhold future contributions. But a second petition, which had nearly 300 supporters, argued that the parade was not about politics but “about seeing firsthand the process of a transition” and giving the students a chance to be a part of history. “We are not   thinkers and believe everyone is entitled” to their own beliefs, it stated. “However, we are in support of the United States of America. ” As the debate heated up this week in online forums for students and alumni, the leadership at the private,   college hunkered down to consider how best to proceed. The campus police ordered reporters off the   campus. Brief interviews with a few band members on Tuesday evening revealed a group divided. Jerome Haynes, 18, a freshman who plays the snare drum, said he hoped politics would not get in the way of an exciting opportunity for the band. In contrast, Ronald Peterson, 21, a sophomore who plays cymbals, said he was going to talk to the director about staying home. “I feel that those who are not Republicans should not have to play for it,” he said. On Thursday afternoon, some students said the administration had done the right thing, despite the protests from alumni. Antonio Phillips, 24, a senior and a drum major, welcomed the exposure. “We’re musicians, so this is a good platform for us to showcase our talent in front of the world,” he said. His friend Ken Randolph, 20, a junior who is not in the band, said the concerns of alumni like Ms. Finney “weigh heavily on the students of Talladega. ” But he said Mr. Trump might benefit from the exposure to a black art form. “This is a part of our culture,” Mr. Randolph said. “With it being on his front doorstep, he might be able to apprehend the vibe and the culture. ” That drama in Talladega, a city of 15, 000 about an hour’s drive east of Birmingham, played out as black activists, including the N. A. A. C. P. president, Cornell William Brooks, were arrested on Tuesday in Mobile in a   action at the office of Senator Jeff Sessions, the Alabama Republican nominated to be attorney general in the Trump administration. Mr. Sessions, who is white, was rejected by the Senate for a federal judgeship in 1986 after he was accused of making racially insensitive statements. To some Talladega alumni, the possibility that policies long opposed by   could now be enacted by a   Congress and executive branch was what made the notion of a black band marching for Mr. Trump seem so distasteful. “There’s a great deal of fear in this country that the Voting Rights Act is going to be abolished, that the Affordable Care Act is going to be abolished, that Planned Parenthood is going to be cut off from funding, that Medicaid is going be cut off from funding,” said J. Mason Davis, a Birmingham lawyer who graduated from the college in 1956. “Don’t you understand why we have a fear of the man?” Donavon Jackson, 24, a former trumpet player in the band who graduated last year, said performing as part of the inauguration would be particularly special for a college of about 1, 000 students whose band program is only about five years old. The school does not have a football team, which makes parade invitations all the more important. “I’m honored to go to a school that can say they marched in an inauguration parade,” said Mr. Jackson, who received a chemistry degree and now lives in Houston. “Not necessarily for the person  —   and that’s not necessarily saying he’s a bad person. ” In the statement on Thursday, school officials said they still faced the “challenge” of raising more than $60, 000 to cover expenses for the trip. The population of the city of Talladega is divided about evenly between blacks and whites, and to a visitor, it can feel like a place where racial harmony and discord coexist on seemingly parallel planes. Whites speak with pride about the historic black college downtown  —   though one white person was overheard on Wednesday warning of a liberal plot to foment a “race war” so that President Obama might declare martial law before the inauguration. While some residents said the band should stay home, and others said it should attend the event in Washington, a few spoke harshly of Mr. Trump while hoping the inauguration would help the band get noticed  —   something the city, which was bypassed by the interstate highway system, has struggled with in recent decades. Bonquita McClellan, 26, manages her father’s restaurant, Big Mac’s Open Pit BBQ, near campus. Ms. McClellan, who is black, said the disdain for Mr. Trump among her   peers was universal. “If anybody would have had us in concentration camps,” she said, “it’d be him. ” But she also said the band should go and make a name for itself in the nation’s capital. “How often,” she asked, “does Talladega College get a chance to play for the president?” Up the street at a real estate office near the   courthouse, Randy and Heather Roberts, a white couple who voted for Mr. Trump, raved about the Talladega College band and its performance at the Dec. 5 Christmas parade. Ms. Roberts showed a video of the band on her phone. “They were phenomenal,” Ms. Roberts said. Ms. Roberts, 41, said she grew up with black and white friends. Mr. Roberts, 48, said he and his wife were pleased to cater to their multiracial clientele. But when they spoke about politics, the couple sounded like people who knew something was broken but did not know how it might be fixed. “It is not going to be pleasant for the next four years,” Ms. Roberts said. “It is going to be a battle. ”"
95,17394,Corzine Reaches $5 Million Settlement With Regulators in MF Global Case - The New York Times,New York Times,Ben Protess,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"After more than five years of investigations and negotiations, the curious case of MF Global is finally closed. On Thursday, federal regulators announced a $5 million settlement with Jon S. Corzine, who ran MF Global when it collapsed into bankruptcy in 2011 and lost more than $1 billion in customer money. The settlement, reached unanimously at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission in the waning days of the Obama administration and approved by a federal judge this week, caps a   spectacle that derailed Mr. Corzine’s career and spurred a number of congressional, criminal and regulatory investigations. The regulatory case arose in 2013, when the commodities agency sued Mr. Corzine, a Democratic former New Jersey senator and governor, saying he had failed to “diligently supervise” the firm as it jeopardized the clients’ accounts. The agency did not directly link Mr. Corzine, 70, to the missing money, but it did accuse a   employee in Chicago, Edith O’Brien, of “aiding and abetting” the misuse of customer money, saying she allowed it to be used to plug holes in MF Global’s own accounts. To resolve the case, Mr. Corzine has agreed to pay the $5 million penalty out of his own pocket. While the sum is manageable for someone who reaped many millions of dollars as a top Goldman Sachs executive before pursuing a career in politics, it is an unusual step. In other federal cases involving Wall Street, insurance money often covers settlement amounts, sparing the executives themselves. While Mr. Corzine was willing to settle the case, Ms. O’Brien nearly took it to trial. But in recent weeks she, too, agreed to settle, striking a deal that has imposed a $500, 000 penalty and an   prohibition on her associating with a futures broker like MF Global. Mr. Corzine agreed to a harsher undertaking  —   accepting a lifetime prohibition from leading a futures broker or registering with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. In effect, that means he will not personally trade other people’s money in the futures industry, except for smaller trades under certain threshold limits. Mr. Corzine, in theory, could still operate a hedge fund that does futures trading, and he could trade for his own account. The settlement also does not prevent him from trading in other markets. “This resolution demonstrates the importance that the commission attaches to customer protection, which has long been a hallmark of our mission,” Aitan Goelman, the head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission enforcement division, said in a statement announcing the settlement. The settlements, the contours of which were reported by The New York Times in October, bring a   close to the MF Global ordeal. The criminal investigations ended with the conclusion that MF Global employees did not intentionally break the law. Just last year, Mr. Corzine settled much of the private MF Global litigation. And a trustee has long recovered the missing customer money (much of it wound up at MF Global’s banks and clearinghouses) and made whole the farmers and hedge funds whose accounts were raided in the firm’s final days. In a statement on Thursday, Mr. Corzine said, “As the C. E. O. of MF Global in 2011, I have accepted responsibility for its failure, and I deeply regret the impact it had on customers, employees, shareholders and others. ” He added: “I remain gratified that several years ago all customer money was recovered and returned to MF Global customers. ” His lawyer, Andrew J. Levander, said: “Mr. Corzine has given more than 10 days of testimony under oath, and these matters have been investigated exhaustively by two U. S. attorney’s offices, the F. B. I. the S. E. C. the C. F. T. C. Finra and Congress. ” (Finra is the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.) And yet, Mr. Levander said, “None of these investigations have led to allegations that Mr. Corzine engaged in any kind of intentional misconduct or fraud, or that he was at any time not truthful in his many hours of testimony. ” The case also concludes a   political challenge for the commodities agency, which came under fire for not preventing a breach of customer money at a firm it regulated. Compounding the pressure, Mr. Corzine was a sensitive target, a prominent Democrat who has been a confidant of leaders in Washington and on Wall Street. Against that backdrop, the agency extracted the $5 million payout from Mr. Corzine, a sum far greater than what it could have expected to win if he had been found liable at trial. During negotiations with Mr. Corzine last year, the commission also strengthened aspects of the deal after some of the agency’s commissioners questioned it, The New York Times reported at the time. The case against Mr. Corzine was among the agency’s biggest enforcement actions in the Obama administration. And after MF Global’s demise, on Halloween in 2011, the commodities agency used the episode to tighten the rules for protecting customer money. The disappearance of the money from MF Global unnerved the futures industry and raised broader concerns about the safety of customer funds across Wall Street. Further review showed that MF Global’s financial straits left it vulnerable to a breach. Mr. Corzine joined MF Global as chief executive and chairman in 2010 after the firm had lost money in each of the previous three years. In hopes of returning the firm to profitability  —   and perhaps transforming it into a miniature Goldman Sachs  —   Mr. Corzine placed a large wager on European sovereign debt at a time when investors feared defaults in the eurozone. Although his bet ultimately would have been profitable for MF Global, and the European bonds paid out for other firms that bought the debt, it was not enough to save the firm from unrelated woes. MF Global’s auditor, for example, made the firm write down the value of a significant future tax benefit, a move that appeared to unnerve MF Global’s investors as well as ratings agencies. And after a series of ratings downgrades, the firm started to unravel. In MF Global’s final days, it overdrew an account at JPMorgan Chase, one of its banks, and scrambled to patch that hole. That is when the improper transfers of customer money accelerated, according to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’s complaint. Minutes after learning of the overdrawn account, Mr. Corzine told Ms. O’Brien that meeting the bank’s demands was “the most important thing” she could get “done that day. ” Ultimately, in the chaos and confusion of those final days, customer money was transferred to JPMorgan. And yet, Mr. Corzine was not accused of instructing Ms. O’Brien to use customer money for this purpose. According to court records submitted by his lawyers, Mr. Corzine was not told that the firm was at risk of violating the rules until the eve of the bankruptcy, after the breach had happened. In an email, Ms. O’Brien told Mr. Corzine that the transfer to JPMorgan was a “house wire,” meaning it came from the firm’s accounts. In the years since, Mr. Corzine has visited Central America for a humanitarian project and has traded with his own money. His philanthropic efforts have included working with Covenant House, a nonprofit focused on helping homeless children. “With this matter resolved,” he said, “I am eager to move forward and plan to spend my time focused on issues that have always been important in my life: my family, community and philanthropic causes, and markets. ”"
96,17395,Sears Agrees to Sell Craftsman to Stanley Black &amp Decker to Raise Cash - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael J. de la Merced,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"The question from the analyst on Thursday was delicate enough. In agreeing to buy the Craftsman tool brand from Sears Holdings, how would Stanley Black  Decker protect itself from legal issues that could arise at the seller down the line? But the response from Stanley Black  Decker’s chief executive, James M. Loree, acknowledged a concern that many on the conference call were likely to have harbored: that Sears could be forced to file for bankruptcy protection someday. “We expect to get this approved before there is any indication whatsoever that there would be any restructuring of that nature from Sears,” Mr. Loree said, adding that he believed such a move was not imminent. The sale of Craftsman, valued at more than $775 million, was meant to prevent that day of reckoning by raising   cash for Sears. For Sears, selling one of its classic brands  —   one it created nearly a century ago  —   is the latest move to bolster its balance sheet during a prolonged sales slump. Edward S. Lampert, the chairman and chief executive of Sears, has struggled for years to find  ways to help the company, as much through esoteric financial maneuvers as through operational fixes. These have been tough times for retailers. Macy’s and Kohl’s said this week that their holiday sales were weaker than expected. Macy’s also announced plans to cut more than 10, 000 jobs and close 100 stores. Sears also suffered during the season, with   sales at its Sears and Kmart units down at least 12 percent. Sears has been in trouble far longer. Under Mr. Lampert, who is also a hedge fund manager, Sears has consistently lagged behind its peers, as analysts said, pointing to underinvestment in stores and slumping sales. Last September, analysts at Moody’s estimated that the company’s negative cash flow for its 2016 fiscal year would be $1. 5 billion. As of Oct. 29, Sears had $258 million in cash and equivalents on hand, compared with $3. 1 billion in   debt, the company said. Its market value Thursday morning, by comparison, was $1. 2 billion, even with a jump in its stock price after the Craftsman news. Sears shares surged as much as 8 percent on Thursday, before ending up 0. 3 percent on a day when some retail stocks tumbled. Sears has long been dogged by predictions that it would eventually be forced into bankruptcy. But on Thursday, the company listed its latest initiatives for shoring up its cash position, including closing 150 more stores and raising up to $1 billion through a $500 million loan backed by its real estate and a previously announced loan from Mr. Lampert’s hedge fund. “We are taking strong, decisive actions today to stabilize the company and improve our financial flexibility in what remains a challenging retail environment,” Mr. Lampert, the company’s biggest shareholder, said in a statement. Stanley Black  Decker will be able to sell Craftsman tools in even more outlets. Today, only 10 percent of the product lineup is sold outside Sears stores. “Craftsman is a legendary American brand,” Mr. Loree said in a statement. “This agreement represents a significant opportunity to grow the market. ” Reaching the deal took months, as Mr. Loree acknowledged on the analyst call. Last spring, Sears announced that it had hired the banks Citigroup and LionTree as advisers to explore the sale of some of its   brands, including Craftsman, DieHard and Kenmore, to raise money. Stanley Black  Decker was one of several dozens of companies approached during the summer about bidding on the tool business. But after the company and its bankers at Deutsche Bank spent time devising a potential takeover bid, Stanley Black  Decker turned its eyes toward buying Newell Brands’ tool business, a deal announced in October. By late fall, however, Sears returned to ask if Stanley Black  Decker would reconsider a bid for Craftsman. Under the deal, Stanley Black  Decker will pay $525 million when the transaction closes, which is expected to occur by   and an additional $250 million at the end of the third year after closing. Sears will also collect a percentage of new Craftsman sales for 15 years after the deal closes. The transaction is now valued at $900 million. “We literally spent months putting this transaction together and to cover each other’s needs and manage the risk profile for both parties,” Mr. Loree told analysts."
97,17396,"L.I.R.R. Train That Crashed Was Going Over Twice Speed Limit, Inquiry Finds - The New York Times",New York Times,Emma G. Fitzsimmons,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"A Long Island Rail Road train that crashed in Brooklyn on Wednesday was going more than twice the speed limit when it slammed into a train station, injuring more than 100 people, federal investigators said on Thursday. The train was traveling at more than 10 miles per hour when it hit the end of the tracks at Atlantic Terminal, where the speed limit is 5 m. p. h. said Ted Turpin, an investigator for the National Transportation Safety Board. He said that federal officials were investigating the crash and had not yet determined the cause. The train rammed into a bumping block during the morning rush, striking a room beyond the track and causing the first two cars to derail. The accident was reminiscent of a deadly crash in September in which a New Jersey Transit train plowed into Hoboken Terminal, killing a woman and injuring over 100 people. (That train was also traveling over twice the speed limit there when it crashed.) On Thursday, Mr. Turpin said the engineer who was operating the Long Island Rail Road train told investigators he could not remember the crash. “He does recall entering into the station and controlling the speed of the train,” Mr. Turpin said at a news conference. “But then the next thing he realized was after the collision. ” Investigators have not released the engineer’s name, but Mr. Turpin said that he was 50 and had started as an engineer at the railroad in 1999. The engineer had started working around midnight on Tuesday and was nearing the end of his shift at the time of the crash, Mr. Turpin said. In the Hoboken crash, the engineer, Thomas Gallagher, also said he did not remember the crash. His lawyer later said that Mr. Gallagher had an undiagnosed sleep disorder and discovered after the crash that he had severe sleep apnea, which disrupts sleep and may cause excessive daytime sleepiness. The engineer of the Long Island Rail Road train has been tested for drugs, but the results were not available, federal investigators said on Thursday. The engineer told investigators that he was not using his cellphone at the time of the crash. Federal investigators said they planned on Friday to interview a conductor and an assistant conductor who were also on the train. They also intend to interview two railroad employees who witnessed the crash. Mr. Turpin noted that a safety technology, known as positive train control, was not in place on the tracks where the crash happened, even though it was possible that the technology could have slowed the train. Officials from the safety board have long called for railroads to install the system to help prevent train accidents, though Mr. Turpin noted it was not required in train terminals. Nearly two years ago, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority secured a nearly $1 billion loan from the Federal Railroad Administration to install positive train control on the Long Island Rail Road and   Railroad. Officials at the authority are working to meet a 2018 deadline to install the technology."
98,17397,Record 2016 for U.S. Auto Industry Long Road Back May Be at End - The New York Times,New York Times,Bill Vlasic,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"DETROIT  —   Unexpectedly strong sales of new vehicles in the United States in December propelled the industry to another record figure in 2016: 17. 55 million sold. That is the good news. The bad news, though, is that the late push to beat the previous record, 17. 47 million vehicles sold in 2015, came at a steep cost, as companies piled on higher sales incentives to lure consumers to their showrooms. And with the American market tilting more than ever toward sales of pickup trucks and sport utility vehicles, companies are cutting production of passenger cars to reduce big inventories of   models. As a result, there is little expectation that the sales will continue on this upward trajectory  —   at least not without cutting deep into profits. That means the numbers released Wednesday could be the   mark for the industry’s impressive comeback from the depths of the recession, when annual sales fell below 11 million vehicles and General Motors and Chrysler needed government bailouts to survive. Adding to the challenge is the potential for major changes in federal regulatory and trade policies by the Trump administration, setting up an uncertain year for an industry that has been barreling along. “One of the problems with predicting 2017 is it is the year of unknowns,” said Michelle Krebs, an analyst with the   site Autotrader. “We are hearing a lot of different things about border tariffs and regulatory policies, but we don’t know what the whole picture looks like. ” Most major automakers are making big profits these days, as consumers replace aging cars and trucks with new models, loaded with technology, that last year sold for an average sticker price above $35, 000. Yet companies face a new set of challenges posed by slower growth, and industry executives are bracing for potential tariffs on vehicles imported into the United States from Mexico, or other adjustments in trade policies that could upset the global pipeline of parts to vehicle assembly plants. The uncertainty extends to the market itself, which has steadily grown year after year as consumers took advantage of easy credit and better economic conditions to replace aging vehicles. Demand, however, has leveled off, and companies are falling back on old habits to move excess inventories. Analysts reported that sales incentives were about 25 percent higher in the fourth quarter of 2016 than in the same period a year earlier, even though overall sales were flat. That is partly because of a sustained slump in sales of small and midsize cars, which has offset the increased demand for trucks and S. U. V. s. But it forces automakers to rely on discounts to sell less popular models, adjust production plans on the fly and lay off workers at some of their factories. General Motors, the nation’s largest automaker, has announced plans to cut shifts of workers at three assembly plants that build cars in Michigan and Ohio, and analysts expect more adjustments across the industry as companies try to better match supply with demand. “We do expect production will likely be cut, particularly in the compact and midsize segments,” said Alec Gutierrez, an analyst with the research firm Kelley Blue Book. The industry sold 1. 69 million vehicles during the month of December, an increase of about 3 percent from the same period a year earlier, according to the research firm Autodata. The 17. 55 million sold over the year was a gain of 0. 4 percent. Sales of trucks and S. U. V.s accounted for nearly   of the sales volume during December as consumers continue to turn to the larger vehicles over cars. Analysts expect the trend toward larger vehicles to continue as long as gas prices remain low. Over all, the industry forecasts sales exceeding 17 million vehicles in the United States in the coming year, although how automakers manage shifts in demand will affect their profitability. “The most successful automakers in the long term will be able to prioritize profitability over market share and be willing to pull back artificial support for unprofitable volume,” said Stephanie Brinkley, an analyst at the firm IHS Markit. G. M. said its sales in December increased 10 percent, to 319, 000 vehicles, although its annual sales for all of 2016 fell 1. 3 percent, to 3. 04 million vehicles. The company benefited from strong demand for pickups and its biggest S. U. V. s, such as the Chevrolet Tahoe, whose sales rose nearly 17 percent last year. But G. M. exemplified the market’s split personality, as several of its smaller cars experienced sharp declines. G. M. is expanding its S. U. V. lineup and will unveil new models at the coming Detroit auto show. Moreover, the company expects the industry to achieve   levels again in 2017. “Key economic indicators, especially consumer confidence, continue to reflect optimism about the U. S. economy,” said Mustafa Mohatarem, G. M.’s chief economist. Ford Motor, the   American automaker, said it sold 237, 000 vehicles in December, a slight gain from the same month in 2015. For the year, Ford reported sales of 2. 61 million vehicles in the United States  —   essentially the same total as in 2015. The company’s cornerstone product, the   pickup, was once again the   vehicle in the American market, with 820, 000 trucks sold last year. But sales of Ford’s car models fell about 12 percent in 2016 from a year earlier, with products like the Focus and the Fusion posting   declines. The third major American automaker, Fiat Chrysler, reported one of its weaker months in December, as sales fell 10 percent, to 192, 000 vehicles. For the full year, the company said it sold 2. 24 million vehicles, a decline of less than 1 percent from the previous year. Fiat Chrysler has substantially reduced its production of passenger cars and is busy converting car factories into truck plants. Last year, sales of its cars such as the Dodge Dart and the Chrysler 200 dropped precipitously as the company concentrated on beefing up its lineup of S. U. V. s, particularly its   Jeep models. Foreign automakers generally reported solid months in December. Toyota, for example, said its sales increased 2 percent during the month, although it ended 2016 with a 2 percent decrease for the full year. While the industry’s health appears closely tied to the continued demand for larger vehicles, some automakers have placed big bets on electric cars, which remain a tiny niche in the market. In one of the most closely watched introductions in the segment, G. M. said it sold 579 Chevrolet Bolts, a new   sedan, in December, its first month of sales. By contrast, the company sold more than 54, 000 Silverado pickups, its most popular product."
99,17398,"Macy’s Will Cut 10,000 Jobs After Poor Holiday Sales - The New York Times",New York Times,Christopher Mele,2017-01-04,2017.0,1.0,,"Struggling with sagging sales over another crucial holiday shopping season, Macy’s announced on Wednesday that it was eliminating more than 10, 000 jobs as part of a continuing plan to cut costs and close 100 stores. Macy’s, the country’s largest department store chain, said sales at its stores had fallen 2. 1 percent in November and December compared with the same period in 2015. Terry J. Lundgren, the company’s chairman and chief executive, said in a statement that while the trend was “consistent with the lower end of our guidance, we had anticipated sales would be stronger. ” He attributed the decline to “broader challenges” facing much of the retail industry. Consumers, who endured a long recession, have turned to   chains like T. J. Maxx and shifted their spending away from    stores for the convenience of online shopping with the retail giant Amazon. The announcement on Wednesday continued a trend for Macy’s, which announced last January that it was eliminating about 4, 500 jobs in a major restructuring. Then, too, it said slumping holiday season sales had hurt its bottom line. The company, which now has 730 stores, announced in August that it would close 100 of them. On Wednesday, it identified 68 stores to be closed. The    store in the Douglaston neighborhood of Queens, which opened in 1981, will close. Stores at the Marketplace Mall in Rochester at the Oakdale Mall in Johnson City, N. Y. near Binghamton and at the Preakness Shopping Center in Wayne, N. J. will close, the company said. Of the 68, three were closed by the middle of 2016, 63 will close in the spring and two will be closed by the middle of 2017. Three other locations were sold or are to be sold. The company said it planned to close about 30 other stores over the next few years. Some employees may be offered positions at nearby stores, but Macy’s estimated that 3, 900 workers would be affected by the closings. It also said it planned to restructure parts of its business, leading to a reduction of an additional 6, 200 jobs. Over all, the job cuts represent about 7 percent of its work force. The company estimated that the changes would save about $550 million a year, starting in 2017. Mr. Lundgren said the company was closing stores that were “unproductive or are no longer robust shopping destinations because of changes in the local retail shopping landscape. ” Other sites were being targeted for closing to take advantage of their highly valued real estate. The company, which owns the Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s brands, has been struggling with declining traffic in its stores, where the bulk of its business is still conducted. It plans to invest some of its savings in expanding its digital business. Macy’s said it now expected to earn $2. 95 to $3. 10 per share on an adjusted basis for its 2016 fiscal year, compared with its prior forecast of $3. 15 to $3. 40 per share. Shares in Macy’s fell nearly 10 percent to $32. 30 in   trading on Wednesday."
100,17399,What to Watch for in Fashion in 2017 - The New York Times,New York Times,Vanessa Friedman,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"So, the sparkly dresses and heat tech have been worn the ball, and the other shoe, has dropped. The year 2016 is over, and 2017 has begun. It’s no longer time to look back, but to look forward. And what do we see? When it comes to fashion  —   or more important, fashion as it affects life  —   there will be interesting times ahead. Here are some opening thoughts on what to watch for in the coming months. A new look in Washington and Paris. Pantsuits  —   at least on women  —   are out. So are the     look and the   look of men in   shirt sleeves. In Washington, we are entering the era of the boxy, oversize suit, the big knot, the   tie, and, maybe, European brands. As the Trump administration prepares to move into the executive wing, fashion  —   and the American capital  —   are preparing for a whole new style statement. The inauguration this month will throw down the gauntlet. What the   will wear (Brioni is my best guess) may ultimately be less significant than what his wife and eldest daughter will wear. Judging by the designs that Melania and Ivanka Trump wore on the campaign trail and on New Year’s Eve, the age of American designers in the White House may be over. On Dec. 31, after all, Melania celebrated in a black Dolce  Gabbana sheath (Stefano Gabbana, Instagramming the news, proudly joined the “I will dress Melania” camp). And previously, when stumping for her father, if not in her own brand, Ivanka opted for Roland Mouret and Alexander McQueen. If that pattern continues, that’s as big an upending of the soft status quo as anything Mr. Trump has pledged. Come Jan. 20, we’ll get the first real sense of what to expect. In France, where voters go to the polls in April and May, a   candidate, François Fillon, is known for combining Savile Row tailoring and Italian style, as well as for his fondness of red socks from Gammarelli (official tailor to the pope). By contrast, his   opponent, Marine Le Pen, has been characterized as promoting an image that is “mumsy” and “frumpy”  —   and not remotely   in contrast with Britain’s prime minister, Theresa May  —   perhaps to try to make her party, the formerly fringe National Front, more accessible. Either way, the   Pen oppositional   should have a   effect on fashion. Also on the runways. More upheaval on the  runways.  This year, the name to watch is indubitably Raf Simons, who makes his debut at Calvin Klein at New York Fashion Week in February, with a promise of shaking up the whole system. He’ll introduce his vision for the brand with a dual men’s and women’s wear show, thus giving his seal of approval to the new      trend, which extends from New York to London and Milan, and which includes Gucci, Burberry and Bottega Veneta. Think of it as the bandwagon of the sexes. And more cultural action off the runways. It’s going to be a banner year for fashion exhibitions. In February, in the middle of fashion month, Kensington Palace in London will host “Diana: Her Fashion Story,” a collection of garments worn by the princess in the 1980s and ’90s. In July, just before the couture shows kick off, the Musée des Arts Décoratifs in Paris  will present “Christian Dior. ” And in between those two openings, three major retrospectives will be unveiled in May: “Balenciaga: Shaping Fashion,” at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London “The World of Anna Sui,” at the Fashion and Textile Museum in London (the first retrospective of an American designer to be held in Britain) and, of course, “Rei   des Garçons” at the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Costume Institute. The Met show should provide the best   moments of the year, as   gala attendees attempt to honor Ms. Kawakubo’s work, which focuses less on beauty than on the question of what clothing is. It should give new meaning to the concept of wearable art. Then there are the movies. On the subject of the Met and the Costume Institute gala: The   Party of the Year is set to play a pivotal role in the coming   remake of the film “Ocean’s 11,” called “Ocean’s 8. ” Then there’s a new crop of fashion biopics in the works, and they are doozies. Jack O’Connell has been signed to play Alexander McQueen in Andrew Haigh’s movie on the British designer, which is set to start filming in the spring Daniel   will channel Charles James for Paul Thomas Anderson’s    movie about the   couturier, who was the subject of a Met show in 2014 and on the small screen, Lady Gaga will be Donatella Versace in “ : American Crime Story,” the third season of the FX television drama. Will this help or hurt the increasingly intertwined relationship between Hollywood and high fashion? Reviews, and box offices, will tell. The wedding of the year. O. K. they haven’t set a date, but there’s little doubt that the marriage  of the tennis great Serena Williams and Alexis Ohanian,   of Reddit, is going to be a style grand slam. Between Ms. Williams’s avowed interest in fashion  —   see the outfits she designs for Nike, as well as her own line  —   and her willingness to take risks with tradition, her B. F. F. status with the American Vogue editor Anna Wintour, and her status as a crown princess of the BeyHive (see her appearance in Lemonade, this could put a whole new spin on nuptial trends. Pun intended."
101,17400,How to Predict Gentrification: Look for Falling Crime - The New York Times,New York Times,Emily Badger,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"Everyone has theories for why     professionals are moving back into parts of cities shunned by their parents’ generation. Perhaps their living preferences have shifted. Or the demands of the labor market have, and young adults with less leisure time are loath to waste it commuting. Maybe the tendency to postpone marriage and children has made city living more alluring. Or the benefits of cities themselves have improved. “There are all sorts of potential other amenities, whether it’s cafes, restaurants, bars, nicer parks, better schools,” said Ingrid Gould Ellen, a professor of urban policy and planning at New York University. “But a huge piece of it,” she said, “I think is crime. ” New research that she has conducted alongside Keren Mertens Horn, an economist at the University of Massachusetts in Boston, and Davin Reed, a doctoral student at N. Y. U. finds that when violent crime falls sharply, wealthier and educated people are more likely to move into   and predominantly minority urban neighborhoods. Their working paper suggests that just as rising crime can drive people out of cities, falling crime has a comparable effect, spurring gentrification. And it highlights how, even if many Americans  —   including, by his own words,   Donald Trump  —   inaccurately believe urban violence is soaring, the opposite   trend has brought   change to cities. “We’re trying to help people understand what a dramatic difference the reduction in violent crime in particular has made in our environment,” Ms. Ellen said. “That has repercussions far beyond what we think of. The homicide rate has gone down  —   that’s directly the most important consequence. But there are all sorts of repercussions as well. This really has been a sea change. ” Nationally, violent crime peaked in 1991. It fell precipitously for the next decade, then more slowly through the 2000s (and there’s a whole other set of theories about why that has happened). While homicides have increased recently in some cities, rates remain far below what they were 25 years ago, including in Chicago. (Another    reality check, while we’re at it: Mr. Trump said during the 2016 campaign that homicides in his new home in Washington were rising by 50 percent, apparently citing the previous year’s crime statistics. At that time in July, though, the rate in the city was already falling compared with 2015, and by year’s end, it was down by 17 percent.) The new research looked at confidential geocoded data from the 1990 and 2000 censuses, and more recent American Community Surveys, to identify the neighborhoods where more than four million households moved. Using citywide violent crime data from the F. B. I. the scholars tracked the changing probability of different demographic groups moving into central cities, as opposed to suburbs, as crime fell.   and   movers  —   and to a lesser degree, whites  —   appeared significantly more sensitive to changing crime levels in their housing decisions than other groups.   and minority households, for instance, didn’t become more likely to move to cities as they grew safer. That may reflect the fact, Ms. Ellen suggested, that   families have more experience or confidence in their ability to navigate crime. Or it may suggest that attention to violence is a luxury in housing decisions that the poor and minorities may not have. A household facing racial discrimination, high housing costs or the need to be near supportive family members simply has fewer options  —   and less leeway to be choosy  —   than the     households that this research identifies. “When cities feel safer, that opens people’s eyes,” Ms. Ellen said of the willingness of new groups to consider these neighborhoods. It’s entirely likely that the arrival of more affluent residents affected crime, too  —   either by increasing opportunities for property crime in the short term, or by adding eyes on the street and pressure on the police in the long run. Because this research looked at moves that occurred after crime was already falling, the authors believe the movers were reacting to changes in crime and not simply causing it themselves. But the relationship between crime and gentrification in particular is complex. Wealthier residents may bring new tensions to neighborhoods, fearing  —   and reporting  —   criminal activity where none exists. And such demographic change in cities could play a role in pressuring the police to pursue tactics that feel unduly aggressive to the people who preceded the newcomers. This study also doesn’t offer evidence that existing residents were displaced by the new arrivals. Many of the urban neighborhoods studied had lost population, so they had room to grow again without pushing existing residents out. But the possibility that these trends portend higher housing costs and more housing demand in the future in poorer, minority neighborhoods adds a cautionary note, Ms. Ellen said, to the declining crime trend."
102,17401,Farmer on Trial Defends Smuggling Migrants: ‘I Am a Frenchman.’ - The New York Times,New York Times,Adam Nossiter,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"NICE, France  —   At times it was hard to know who was on trial, the smuggler or the state. The defendant, Cédric Herrou, 37, a slightly built olive farmer, did not deny that for months he had illegally spirited dozens of migrants through the remote mountain valley where he lives. He would do it again, he suggested. Instead, when asked by a judge, “Why do you do all this?” Mr. Herrou turned the tables and questioned the humanity of France’s practice of rounding up and turning back Africans entering illegally from Italy in search of work and a better life. It was “ignoble,” he said. “There are people dying on the side of the road,” Mr. Herrou replied. “It’s not right. There are children who are not safe. It is enraging to see children, at 2 in the morning, completely dehydrated. “I am a Frenchman,” Mr. Herrou declared. The trial, which began on Wednesday, is no ordinary one. It has been substantially covered by the French news media for its rich symbolism and for the way it neatly sums up the ambiguity of France’s policy toward the unceasing flow of migrants into Europe and the quandary they present. France, foremost among European nations, prides itself on enlightened humanitarianism, fraternity and solidarity. And yet, perhaps first among them, too, it is struggling to reconcile those values with the pressing realities of a smaller, more globalized world, including fear of terrorism. The contradictions are being played out in courtrooms, in politics and in farmers’ fields, on the sidewalks of Paris and in train stations from the Côte d’Azur to the northern port of Calais, where the government demolished a giant migrant camp in the fall. On the one hand, politicians in this year’s presidential election are competing to see who can take the toughest line on securing France’s borders. Most are promising a crackdown on migrants, with admission reserved for   cases of political persecution. Terrorist attacks, including the one last summer in Nice that killed 85 people, have exacerbated   sentiment. But in these remote mountain valleys, where Jews fleeing the Nazis and the Vichy collaborators found refuge during World War II, Mr. Herrou has become something of a folk hero by leading a kind of loosely knit underground railroad to smuggle migrants north, many destined for Britain or Germany. His work has won him admiration for his resistance to the state and his stand that it is simply right to help one’s fellow man, woman or child. Others in this region seem to agree. In the square outside the   courthouse, hundreds of sympathizers gathered and shouted, “We are all children of immigrants!” Mr. Herrou got a hero’s welcome as he descended the steep steps late in the evening, trailed by television cameras. Inside, not even the prosecutor,   Prêtre, seemed to want him there and praised his cause as “noble. ” He asked for an   sentence, but quickly reassured the court that it should be suspended, “of course. ” Still, the law is the law. “He’s demonstrated a manifest intention to violate the law,” Mr. Prêtre told the court. “One can criticize it, but it’s got to be applied. ” The verdict, which will be made by the panel of three judges who heard the case this week  —   there was no jury of peers  —   is scheduled to be announced on Feb. 10. The appeal for leniency was both an acknowledgment of widespread discomfort with the law, as a well as recognition of Mr. Herrou’s growing status in the region around Nice and its mountainous backcountry, the Roya Valley. Mr. Herrou was voted “Azuréen of the Year” last month by the readers of the leading local newspaper,   to the fury of regional officials. “I am Cédric,” read one of the placards in the crowd. “Long live the righteous of the Roya,” read another. The courtroom on Wednesday was filled with people from the mountain  —   the men bearded and ponytailed, the women in duffel coats  —   who had come to support Mr. Herrou and who were convinced right was on their side. The notion that Mr. Herrou is trying to uphold what he sees as basic French values, rather than violating the law, is much of the reason he appears to enjoy a considerable measure of popular support. The argument formed the essence of his lawyer’s defense strategy. Remember the last word in the French Republic’s motto, “Liberté, Egalité, Fraternité,” his lawyer, Zia Oloumi, told the court. “They are saying M. Herrou is endangering the Republic,” Mr. Oloumi told the three judges. “On the contrary, I think he is defending its values. “You see, you have got this value, fraternity, and the dictionary is quite clear,” Mr. Oloumi said. “Think about the impact of your decision on the practical application of the idea of fraternity. ” Mr. Herrou was not making any political points, Mr. Oloumi insisted. He was merely responding to a humanitarian crisis in his own backyard the Roya Valley had become a way station for migrants. The judges did not respond. But the lightness of the sentence called for by Mr. Prêtre suggested that the concepts invoked by Mr. Oloumi had resonance. Mr. Herrou’s accusers seemed most taken aback by his stubbornness. Not every migrant Mr. Herrou picks up is by the side of the road. He finds many outside the migrant camp across the Italian border at Ventimiglia, looking especially for women and children. The presiding judge, Laurie Duca, reminded him he had first been arrested in August, near his mountainside home at    with a van full of migrants. At that time, the prosecutor released him, suggesting that Mr. Herrou’s humanitarian motivations absolved him. That first arrest was evidently merely a warning. “After August, you said you knew it was illegal,” Judge Duca remarked in court. No matter. Mr. Herrou persisted, describing his   work to journalists last fall and even occupying a disused summer camp owned by the state railroad when his own modest homestead became overwhelmed. At that point, in   the authorities decided they had had enough of him. “You were there, and you were extremely active,” the judge said. “Why so much press?” Mr. Herrou replied, “It is right that society should know about all this. ” The judge and the prosecutor suggested that this time Mr. Herrou would not get the humanitarian pass he had benefited from previously. The local political establishment is furious with him. “At the very moment when we need strict controls, Mr. Herrou’s ideological, premeditated actions are a major risk,” Eric Ciotti, the president of the departmental council and a leading   member of Parliament, wrote in  . Mr. Prêtre, the prosecutor, suggested that Mr. Herrou’s persistence and openness had been his undoing. “Mr. Herrou acknowledges everything,” Mr. Prêtre said, with astonishment. “This trial springs from a communications strategy for a cause that I totally respect. ” And yet, “this is what he told the police. He said, ‘I am violating the law.’ But I am the prosecutor. I must defend the law. ”"
103,17402,‘James Bond of Philanthropy’ Gives Away the Last of His Fortune - The New York Times,New York Times,Jim Dwyer,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"As it happens, Donald J. Trump is not the only person to announce plans to shut down a personal philanthropy, just the best known. This is the story of a man who made and kept that same promise. Nearly five years ago, Charles F. Feeney sat in a cushy armchair in an apartment on the east side of Manhattan, grandchildren’s artwork taped to the walls, and said that by the end of 2016, he was going to hand out the last of a great fortune that he had made. It was a race: Mr. Feeney was then 81, and Atlantic Philanthropies, a collection of private foundations he had started and funded, still had about $1. 5 billion left. Flinging money out the window or writing checks   was not Mr. Feeney’s way. Last month, Mr. Feeney and Atlantic completed the sprint and made a final grant, $7 million to Cornell University, to support students doing community service work. He had officially emptied his pockets, meeting his aspiration of “giving while living. ” Altogether, he had contributed $8 billion to his philanthropies, which have supported higher education, public health, human rights and scientific research. “You’re always nervous handling so much money, but we seem to have worked it pretty well,” Mr. Feeney, now 85, said last week in a phone interview. His remaining personal net worth is slightly more than $2 million. That’s not quite broke, by any standard, but it is a modest amount for a man who controlled thousands of times as much wealth. He and his wife, Helga, now live in a rented apartment in San Francisco. “You can only wear one pair of pants at a time,” Mr. Feeney has said. Until he was 75, he traveled only in coach, and carried reading materials in a plastic bag. For many years, when in New York, he had lunch not at the city’s luxury restaurants, but in the homey confines of Tommy Makem’s Irish Pavilion on East 57th Street, where he ate the burgers. None of the major American philanthropists have given away a greater proportion of their wealth, and starting in 1982, Mr. Feeney did most of this in complete secrecy, leading Forbes magazine to call him the “James Bond of philanthropy. ” His name does not appear in gilded letters, chiseled marble or other forms of writing anywhere on the 1, 000 buildings across five continents that $2. 7 billion of his money paid for. For years, Atlantic’s support came with a requirement that the beneficiaries not publicize its involvement. Beyond Mr. Feeney’s reticence about blowing his own horn, “it was also a way to leverage more donations  —   some other individual might contribute to get the naming rights,” said Christopher G. Oechsli, the president and chief executive officer of Atlantic. During the early 1990s, Mr. Feeney met secretly with paramilitary forces in Belfast, Northern Ireland, urging them to drop armed guerrilla conflict and promising financial support if they embraced electoral politics. Atlantic grants paid to create a public health system in Vietnam, and to provide access to antiretroviral treatment for AIDS in southern Africa. The last rounds of grants, about $600 million, included support for Atlantic Fellows, described as young emerging leaders working in their countries for healthier, more equitable societies. Raised in Elizabeth, N. J. Mr. Feeney served as a radio operator in the Air Force and attended Cornell University on the G. I. Bill. In 1960, he and a partner set up a company that sold items like brandy and cigars to travelers in   shops at airports. It became a booming success. Mr. Feeney has also been a shrewd investor in technology  . In 1984, he secretly transferred all of his assets, including his 38. 75 percent ownership of the   business, to Atlantic Philanthropies. He grew the Atlantic pot with early investments in companies like Facebook, Priceline,   Alibaba and Legent. A business dispute in 1997 forced disclosure of Mr. Feeney’s funding for Atlantic. As for Mr. Trump, if he really does shut down his foundation  —   stung by inquiries about the use of foundation money to pay Mr. Trump’s personal liabilities, or purchase football helmet memorabilia, or oil paintings of himself  —   he is not likely to follow the Feeney model. The two men are mirror images. For years, Mr. Trump lobbied hard to get onto lists of the wealthy, like the Forbes 400 Mr. Feeney has tried to stay off them. The Atlantic endowment came entirely from Mr. Feeney’s money much of the money that went into the Trump foundation in recent years was from others. One of Atlantic’s projects was to propose reforms to the American health care system, which helped lay groundwork for the Affordable Care Act another was advocacy for the end of the death penalty for juveniles. Mr. Trump has been on the other side of both of those issues, vowing to “dismantle Obamacare on Day 1,” and calling, in 1989, for the restoration of the death penalty after five teenagers were arrested in the rape of a jogger in Central Park. (They were convicted but later cleared of the charges.) Just as Mr. Trump was opening Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in the early 1980s, Mr. Feeney was a few blocks away in Makem’s pub, thinking about the first big checks he would write for charity, on the condition that his identity not be disclosed. “I don’t recall ever meeting Trump,” Mr. Feeney said last week. No wonder. The thought crossed my mind 20 years ago that Chuck Feeney is what Donald Trump would be, if he lived his entire existence backward."
104,17403,"Bitcoin Price Soars, Fueled by Speculation and Global Currency Turmoil - The New York Times",New York Times,Nathaniel Popper,2017-01-04,2017.0,1.0,,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   The virtual currency Bitcoin has been swept up in yet another speculative frenzy, pushing its price toward the peak it last reached in late 2013. The price of Bitcoin has been buoyed by increased interest from places like Venezuela, where the local currency has lost much of its value, and India, where the government recently removed the largest cash notes from circulation. More broadly, a tilt toward isolationism that has emerged in American and European politics  —   highlighted by Donald J. Trump’s election victory  —   has given a new sheen to a currency that can move between countries with little oversight. “The more there is an expectation for new barriers to be erected, the more there is an expectation that Bitcoin will be valuable for moving money across borders,” said Gil Luria, the director of research at Wedbush Securities. Still, most of the people actually buying and selling Bitcoin these days are coming from a single country: China. Some wealthy Chinese have used Bitcoin to evade their government’s strict controls on moving money in and out of the country, according to Bitcoin specialists in China. But the heavy trading on Chinese Bitcoin exchanges, much of it by automated software, suggests that most of the price movement is a result of bets by speculators. In recent days, the price of a Bitcoin has been about 3 percent higher on these exchanges than on dollar denominated exchanges, suggesting more demand in China than outside. The importance of speculators suggests that the value of Bitcoin is still driven by the hope of how it might be used someday, rather than real world use today, which has generally been hard to quantify. In dollar terms, a Bitcoin was going for about $1, 025 on Tuesday, or about 140 percent more than what it cost at the beginning of 2016. The volatile price has led many analysts to conclude that is less similar to a currency than to a commodity, like gold, which has a value resulting from its scarcity. In Bitcoin’s case, the rules of the network dictate that only 21 million Bitcoin will ever be created. The recent rise has brought the price of one Bitcoin to within striking distance of the price of an ounce of gold, which was about $1, 150 on Monday. The price has increased in the last year despite the lack of interest in Bitcoin from banks and a majority of more sophisticated investors. After showing early interest in the currency, most big banks have moved on to make investments in the blockchain, the new type of ledger technology introduced by Bitcoin, while eschewing Bitcoin itself. Some central banks have talked about issuing their own national currencies on some sort of blockchain inspired by but unrelated to the blockchain that Bitcoin uses. Bitcoin and the blockchain were introduced in late 2008 by a mysterious coder who used the name Satoshi Nakamoto. Anyone with a computer and internet access can open a Bitcoin wallet and help maintain the blockchain ledger where all Bitcoin transactions are recorded. Because it is run by a decentralized network of computers around the world, Bitcoin does not require a central authority like a central bank or financial institution. That has made it attractive to people who hope to do financial transactions anonymously, such as the drug dealers who have sold illicit goods for Bitcoin on the Silk Road website and its successors. New Bitcoins are released at regular intervals to computers helping to support the Bitcoin network, and previously released Bitcoins can be bought and sold on exchanges around the world. Since 2009, the price of Bitcoin has generally been defined by long periods of stability marked by short periods of speculative excitement. The only other time the price of Bitcoin has exceeded $1, 000 was in late 2013, when the demand was driven by a surge of interest from Chinese investors and traders. The price soon crashed when one of the largest Bitcoin exchanges, Mt. Gox, which was based in Tokyo and went bankrupt, announced that it had lost most of the Bitcoins held by its customers (the cause remains in dispute). The Bitcoin price fell to its low  —   under $200  —   in early 2015. Since then, the price has risen in fits and starts, in part because of continuing hacking and fraud, and because of fights over the direction of the Bitcoin network. Many Bitcoin businesses have wanted to edit the basic Bitcoin software to change the number of transactions that can move through the network every day. But the proposed changes have run into opposition from the team of coders responsible for maintaining the basic Bitcoin software. Many Chinese Bitcoin companies have sided with the coders. That disagreement has led to slowdowns on the Bitcoin network, with some transactions taking days to be processed. The slowdowns have made it harder to use Bitcoin for everyday payments. But through the controversy the security of the basic Bitcoin wallets and transaction software has held up, making it a potential alternative for people in countries with less secure currencies and financial institutions. In November, interest in Bitcoin spiked in India after the government announced moves to quickly ban the largest Indian bank notes, in an effort to crack down on corruption. The continued fall in the value of the Venezuelan currency, the bolívar, has led to reports about Venezuelans desperate to exchange their money for Bitcoin. But despite the new demand, the total value of all outstanding Bitcoin, about $16 billion, is still only that of a   American company, and is not large enough to sustain the demand of even a moderate number of Indians or Venezuelans looking to store their wealth in the virtual currency. That points back to the importance of speculators, who are betting that someday soon people worldwide will turn to Bitcoin for their daily financial needs, and push the price much higher. “I ascribe only 10 percent of the value of Bitcoin to current day usage, and more like 90 percent of it to the expectation of future usage,” Mr. Luria of Webush Securities said."
105,17404,4 Questioned After Video Shows Racially Charged Beating in Chicago - The New York Times,New York Times,Mitch Smith and Niraj Chokshi,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"CHICAGO  —   The police here were questioning four people on Wednesday as video circulated online showing a white teenager tied up and beaten as a group of young   shouted antiwhite messages and insulted   Donald J. Trump. “It’s sickening,” Superintendent Eddie Johnson of the Chicago Police Department said. “It makes you wonder, what would make individuals treat somebody like that?” The police said the victim was an    man from suburban Chicago who had “mental health challenges” and who had been reported missing. Officers spotted him on Tuesday in a violent neighborhood on Chicago’s West Side and recognized that he was in distress, the police said. They sought treatment for him at a hospital and connected the beating to four people who were taken into custody later that day near where the bloodied man had been found. A roughly   video clip shared widely online appeared to show a Facebook livestream of the assault. A group can be seen taunting and physically assaulting a man amid cursing and laughing. Much of the video focuses on one woman as she rambles, at times incoherently. The video begins with a shot of that woman before turning to the victim, who is seated in the corner of a room with his mouth covered. The woman laughs as two men cut the sleeve of the victim’s shirt. One of the men yells epithets about Mr. Trump and “white people. ” Later, a man cuts a patch of hair from the victim’s head, appearing to draw blood in the process. Mr. Johnson said criminal charges against the suspects, two men and two women, could be announced on Thursday. Investigators said they were not yet sure of a motive, but could pursue hate crime and kidnapping charges if the evidence warranted. The victim knew one of his attackers, the police said, and had been taken from the suburbs to the city and held for some time before the beating was streamed online. “Images in the video put on display the brazenness of the offenders who assaulted the victim and then broadcast it for the entire world to see,” Mr. Johnson said. The victim, whom the police did not name, was hospitalized for undisclosed injuries, but had been released by Wednesday evening and was speaking with investigators. The police said he was “traumatized” and initially had trouble communicating with detectives. The video’s spread online comes at a time of relentless violence in Chicago. In a Twitter post this week, Mr. Trump cited Chicago’s 762 murders last year and suggested that the city should seek federal help if local efforts to control the violence continued to be ineffective. Superintendent Johnson declined to speculate on whether the  ’s Twitter message and the videotaped beating were connected."
106,17405,"Once Upon a Time, a Guard Nearly Shot Queen Elizabeth by Mistake - The New York Times",New York Times,Christopher Mele,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"It was a close call for the queen. A walk around the grounds of Buckingham Palace in the very early morning hours nearly got Queen Elizabeth II shot by one of her guards, The Times of London reported on Wednesday. When she has a difficult time sleeping, the queen will put on a raincoat and walk around the palace grounds, The Times reported, quoting a former guardsman. He was on patrol inside the palace walls at 3 a. m. on an unspecified day several years ago when he saw a figure in the darkness, according to reports. Thinking he had spotted an intruder, The Times said, he called out, “Who’s that?” “To his surprise, it was the queen,” according to the account. “‘Bloody hell, Your Majesty, I nearly shot you,’ he blurted out. ” Realizing his remarks were inappropriate, the guard expected to be rebuked. Instead, The Times reported, Her Majesty replied: “That’s quite all right. Next time I’ll ring through beforehand so you don’t have to shoot me. ”"
107,17406,Vermont Governor Pardons 192 for Marijuana Convictions - The New York Times,New York Times,Niraj Chokshi,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"Nearly 200 of the approximately 450 people who asked Gov. Peter Shumlin of Vermont to forgive their misdemeanor marijuana convictions had their wish fulfilled this week. In one of his final acts in office, Governor Shumlin on Tuesday pardoned 192 people convicted of marijuana possession, fulfilling a promise he made early last month to consider forgiveness for anyone who applied by Christmas. “While attitudes and laws about marijuana use are rapidly changing, there is still a harmful stigma associated with it,” Mr. Shumlin, a Democrat, said in a statement on Tuesday. “My hope was to help as many individuals as I could overcome that stigma and the very real struggles that too often go along with it. ” Such charges can stand in the way of finding work, being accepted to college and traveling internationally. The pardons were limited to people who had no violent criminal histories or felony convictions, and who had not been found guilty of driving under the influence or reckless driving. People who did not apply for a pardon under Mr. Shumilin can still apply to have marijuana possession convictions expunged from their record through a court process established under a 2013 state decriminalization law. Mr. Shumlin cited that law and his own support for legalizing marijuana as the basis for the pardons. “Vermont should follow the many states that are legalizing and regulating the use of marijuana and put to an end the incredible failure that is the War on Drugs,” he said in the statement. His successor, Phil Scott, a Republican, has urged caution, though he has signaled he may be open to legalization eventually. He is scheduled to be sworn in on Thursday and has said that he supports the pardons, according to local news reports. Those who received the pardons ranged in age from 22 to 69, though most were younger than 40. All but 15 live in Vermont. In all, Mr. Shumlin has issued 208 pardons since taking office in 2010, more than any other governor in the history of the state, his office said."
108,17409,"Review: Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher, at Home in ‘Bright Lights’ - The New York Times",New York Times,Margaret Lyons,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"Perhaps the documentary “Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds” would seem less poignant and compelling had its subjects not just died, or had they not died, stunningly, within a day of each other. But the movie’s plucky intimacy shines through that fog. It’s a portrait, not a tribute  —   though as the documentary reminds us, every portrait is in some way a tribute to something. The film, directed by the actor Fisher Stevens and Alexis Bloom, debuts on HBO Saturday night after the cable network moved up its premiere from March. That decision is hard to begrudge. As this movie makes evident, these two were no strangers to making headlines. Ms. Reynolds was well known to one generation for, in part, the tabloid bonanza surrounding her when her husband Eddie Fisher skipped out with her best friend, Elizabeth Taylor. Several other generations have grown up surrounded by all things Princess Leia, memorably played by Ms. Fisher in the “Star Wars” films. “Bright Lights” finds mother and daughter living in separate houses in what they call “the compound. ” Ms. Fisher takes a soufflé out of her oven and carries it on a tray down the path to her mother’s house. “I usually come to her,” Ms. Fisher says. She pauses. “I always come to her. ” Who wouldn’t? She’s Debbie Reynolds, movie star and cabaret performer. Ms. Reynolds rose to fame with cheery, wholesome roles, and even in her 80s could turn on that pert sunniness in a split second, so smoothly you’d never know it was an act  —   except that this is a documentary, and it includes the footage of just before this light clicks on. “It’s not my best day,” she sighs, sounding weary and a little   as she and Mr. Stevens discuss where exactly the camera will be. And then  —   bing!  —   there she is, as perky as a kindergarten teacher. Because the gently quirky celebrity documentary is an enjoyable if standardized format, the potency of “Bright Lights” sneaks up on you. If it were just about its subjects’ huge, starry lives, that really would be enough for a documentary. But it also smartly, and subtly, pushes its audience to ask two of modern pop society’s central, uncomfortable questions: First, are famous people “real” people? And second, am I becoming my mother? By the time Mr. Stevens and Ms. Bloom start filming, this almost cosmic   between mother and daughter seems to have resolved itself to a wry but balanced mutual orbit. Though both women seem a little reluctant to admit it, the similarities between them abound. Ms. Fisher’s house is decorated eclectically, with memorabilia and silly knickknacks everywhere. Ms. Reynolds’s collection is far more orderly: She was among Hollywood’s great archivists and had hoped to open a museum, but instead is resigned to auctioning off many of her pieces, including Marilyn Monroe’s famous   dress from “The Seven Year Itch” and a pair of Judy Garland’s   shoes from “The Wizard of Oz. ” “I like my ghosts,” she tells her daughter. Ms. Fisher is brainy and salty and hilarious, and she’s frank and eloquent in describing being bipolar. We see both archival and    footage of Ms. Fisher in manic phases, and she’s articulate, artful even, about her  . “One mood is the meal the next mood is the check,” she says. But she too knows how to flip the switch. She refers to her appearances at fan conventions as “the lap dance,” but engages with her fans nonetheless. A woman cries. Little girls in their Princess Leia costumes beam. Their heroine gamely poses for photo after photo, signing every manner of memorabilia. It’s not so different, really, from her mother’s cabaret act. That nightclub act comes up several times in “Bright Lights,” including footage of a    Carrie being summoned to the stage to sing “Bridge Over Troubled Water. ” Her bold alto voice and sassy   almost, but don’t quite, belie that she’s a barely cooperative teenager desperate to rebel. Ms. Fisher says she rejected singing more or less to spite her mother. Six or so years after that nightclub performance, she married Paul Simon. You know. The guy who wrote “Bridge Over Troubled Water. ” It’s all so Hollywood, so poetic, so dramatic. Despite their extraordinary circumstances, much of the family banter among Ms. Reynolds her son, Todd Fisher and Ms. Fisher seems like ordinary talk. Adult siblings agonize over an aging parent’s finances and  . Mother and daughter have the same shoes. Brother and sister exchange knowing “well, that’s Mom” shrugs. There’s no people like show people, but Hollywood families are, somehow, still just families."
109,17410,"Putin Led a Complex Cyberattack Scheme to Aid Trump, Report Finds - The New York Times",New York Times,Michael D. Shear and David E. Sanger,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia directed a vast cyberattack aimed at denying Hillary Clinton the presidency and installing Donald J. Trump in the Oval Office, the nation’s top intelligence agencies said in an extraordinary report they delivered on Friday to Mr. Trump. The officials presented their unanimous conclusions to Mr. Trump in a   briefing at Trump Tower in New York that brought the leaders of America’s intelligence agencies face to face with their most vocal skeptic, the   who has repeatedly cast doubt on Russia’s role. The meeting came just two weeks before Mr. Trump’s inauguration and was underway even as the electoral votes from his victory were being formally counted in a joint session of Congress. Soon after leaving the meeting, intelligence officials released the declassified,  damning report that described the sophisticated cybercampaign as part of a continuing Russian effort to weaken the United States government and its democratic institutions. The report  —   a virtually     revelation by the American intelligence agencies that undermined the legitimacy of the president who is about to direct them  —   made the case that Mr. Trump was the favored candidate of Mr. Putin. The Russian leader, the report said, sought to denigrate Mrs. Clinton, and the report detailed what the officials had revealed to President Obama a day earlier: Mr. Trump’s victory followed a complicated, multipart cyberinformation attack whose goal had evolved to help the Republican win. The   report did not conclude that Russian involvement tipped the election to Mr. Trump. The public report lacked the evidence that intelligence officials said was included in a classified version, which they described as information on the sources and methods used to collect the information about Mr. Putin and his associates. Those would include intercepts of conversations and the harvesting of computer data from “implants” that the United States and its allies have put in Russian computer networks. Much of the unclassified report focused instead on an overt Kremlin propaganda campaign that would be unlikely to convince skeptics of the report’s more serious conclusions. The report may be a political blow to Mr. Trump. But it is also a risky moment for the intelligence agencies that have become more powerful since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, but have had to fend off allegations that they exaggerated intelligence during the buildup to the Iraq war. The declassified report did describe in detail the efforts of Mr. Putin and his security services, including the creation of the online Guccifer 2. 0 persona and DCLeaks. com to release information gained from the hacks to the public. “Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help   Trump’s election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him,” the report by the nation’s intelligence agencies concluded. Mr. Trump, whose resistance to that very conclusion has led him to repeatedly mock the country’s intelligence services on Twitter since Election Day, issued a written statement that appeared to concede some Russian involvement. But Mr. Trump said nothing about the conclusion that Mr. Putin had sought to aid his candidacy, other than insisting that he still believes the Russian attacks had no effect on the outcome. The  ’s written statement came just hours after Mr. Trump told The New York Times in an interview that the storm surrounding Russian hacking was nothing more than a “political witch hunt” carried out by his adversaries, who he said were embarrassed by their loss to him in the 2016 election. Speaking by telephone three hours before the intelligence briefing, Mr. Trump repeatedly criticized the intense focus on Russia. “China, relatively recently, hacked 20 million government names,” he said, referring to the breach of computers at the Office of Personnel Management in late 2014 and early 2015. “How come nobody even talks about that? This is a political witch hunt. ” Later, Mr. Trump sought to blame the Democrats for any cyberattacks that might have occurred. “Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place,” he said in a Twitter message posted about 11 p. m. “The Republican National Committee had strong defense!” Vice   Mike Pence told reporters that he and Mr. Trump had “appreciated the presentation” by the intelligence officials and described the conversation as “respectful. ” Mr. Pence said the new administration would take aggressive action “to combat cyberattacks and protect the security of the American people from this type of intrusion in the future. ” Mr. Trump, who has consistently questioned the evidence of Russian hacking during the election, did so again Friday before he met with the intelligence officials. Asked why he thought there was so much attention on the Russian cyberattacks, the   said the motivation was political. He also repeated his criticism of the American intelligence agencies, saying that “a lot of mistakes were made” in the past, noting in particular the attacks on the World Trade Center and saying, as he has repeatedly, that “weapons of mass destruction was one of the great mistakes of all time. ” But after meeting with the intelligence officials, Mr. Trump appeared to moderate his position, conceding that “Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyberinfrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations, including the Democrat National Committee. ” The report described a broad campaign of covert operations, including the “trolling” on the internet of people who were viewed as opponents of Russia’s effort. While it accused Russian intelligence agencies of obtaining and maintaining “access to elements of multiple U. S. state or local electoral boards,” it concluded  —   as officials have publicly  —   that there was no evidence of tampering with the tallying of the vote on Nov. 8. The report, reflecting the assessments of the C. I. A. the F. B. I. and the National Security Agency, stopped short of backing up Mr. Trump on his declaration that the hacking activity had no effect on the election. “We did not make an assessment of the impact that Russian activities had on the outcome of the 2016 election,” the report concluded, saying it was beyond its responsibility to analyze American “political processes” or public opinion. The intelligence agencies also concluded “with high confidence” that Russia’s main military intelligence unit, the G. R. U. created a “persona” called Guccifer 2. 0 and a website, DCLeaks. com, to release the emails of the Democratic National Committee and of the chairman of the Clinton campaign, John D. Podesta. When those disclosures received what was seen as insufficient attention, the report said, the G. R. U. “relayed material it acquired from the D. N. C. and senior Democratic officials to WikiLeaks. ” The founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, has denied that Russia was the source of the emails it published. The role of RT  —   the Russian   news organization that American intelligence says is a Kremlin propaganda operation  —   in the Kremlin’s effort to influence the election is covered in far more detail by the report than any other aspect of the Russian campaign. An annex in the report on RT, which was first written in 2012 but not previously made public, takes up eight pages of the report’s   main section. The report’s unequivocal assessment of RT presents an awkward development for Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, who is Mr. Trump’s choice to serve as national security adviser. Mr. Flynn has appeared repeatedly on RT’s news programs and in December 2015 was paid by the network to give a speech in Russia and attend its lavish anniversary party, where he sat at the elbow of Mr. Putin. Mr. Flynn has since defended his speech, insisting that RT is no different from CNN or MSNBC. The report also stated that Russia collected data “on some   targets,” but did not disclose the contents of whatever it harvested. Intelligence officials who prepared the classified report have concluded that British intelligence was among the first to raise an alarm that Moscow hacked into the Democratic National Committee’s computer servers, and alerted their American counterparts, according to two people familiar with the conclusions. The British role, which has been closely held, is a critical part of the timeline because it suggests that some of the first tipoffs, in fall 2015, came from voice intercepts, computer traffic or informants outside the United States, as emails and other data from the Democratic National Committee flowed out of the country. The conclusions in the report were described on Thursday to President Obama and on Friday to Mr. Trump by James R. Clapper Jr. the director of national intelligence John O. Brennan, the director of the C. I. A. Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency and James B. Comey, the director of the F. B. I. The key to the public report’s assessment is that Russia’s motives “evolved over the course of the campaign. ” When it appeared that Mrs. Clinton was more likely to win, it concluded, the Russian effort focused “on undermining her future presidency,” with   bloggers preparing a Twitter campaign with the hashtag #DemocracyRIP. It noted that Mr. Putin had a particular animus for Mrs. Clinton because he believed she had incited protests against him in 2011. Yet the attacks, the report said, began long before anyone could have known that Mr. Trump, considered a dark horse, would win the Republican nomination. It said the attacks began as early as July 2015, when Russian intelligence operatives first gained access to the Democratic National Committee’s networks. Russia maintained that access for 11 months, until “at least June 2016,” the report concludes, leaving open the possibility that Russian cyberattackers may have had access even after the firm CrowdStrike believed that it had kicked them off the networks."
110,17411,Russian Intervention in American Election Was No One-Off - The New York Times,New York Times,Scott Shane,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"The intelligence agencies’ report on the Russian intervention in the American presidential election portrays it as just one piece of an     propaganda campaign. But it was a campaign made enormously more powerful by the tools of the cyberage: private emails pilfered by hackers, an internet that reaches into most American homes, social media to promote its revelations and smear enemies. What most Americans may have seen as a   effort  —   brazen meddling by Russia in the very core of American democracy  —   was, the report says, only part of a   information war that involves not just shadowy hackers and   websites, but also more conventional news outlets, including the thriving Russian television network RT. The election intervention to damage Hillary Clinton and lift Donald J. Trump was the latest fusillade in a campaign that has gone on under the radar for years. For the three agencies that produced the report  —   the C. I. A. the F. B. I. and the National Security Agency  —   this is a   moment: They have just told their new boss that he was elected with the vigorous, multifaceted help of an adversary, the thuggish autocrat who rules Russia. “Putin and the Russian government aspired to help   Trump’s election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him,” the report says, in unusually blunt and sweeping language. Perhaps most arresting is the assessment that Vladimir V. Putin, the Russian president, sees the election attack as payback  —   not offense, but defense. He has borne a serious grudge against Mrs. Clinton, who he believes denigrated him when she was secretary of state and encouraged the   protests in Moscow that erupted against him in 2011. Mr. Putin, the report says, sees the hidden hand of the United States in the leaking of the Panama Papers, files stolen from a law firm that exposed the wealth of his closest associates, secreted in offshore accounts. He even blames the United States for the exposure  —   carried out mainly by international sports authorities  —   of Russian athletes for their widespread use of   drugs. “From the Russian perspective, this is punching back,” said Christopher Porter, a former C. I. A. officer who now studies cyberattacks at the firm FireEye. “We may not think that’s fair or justified, but that’s the way they see it. ” Mr. Porter said Mr. Putin had made no secret of his view that the United States, by promoting democracy in countries like Ukraine and Georgia, had interfered in Russia’s backyard and was trying to undermine its power. What is missing from the public report is what many Americans most eagerly anticipated: hard evidence to back up the agencies’ claims that the Russian government engineered the election attack. That is a significant omission: Mr. Trump has been expressing skepticism for months that Russia was to blame, variously wondering whether it might have been China, or a   guy, or a guy from New Jersey. There is only a whisper of dissent in the report  —   the eavesdroppers of the N. S. A. believe with only “moderate confidence” that Russia aimed to help Mr. Trump, while their colleagues at the C. I. A. and the F. B. I. have “high confidence. ” While most of Congress and much of the public appears to accept the agencies’ findings, Mr. Trump’s prominent doubts, accompanied at times by scorn for the agencies’ competence, has rallied a diverse array of skeptics on the right and the left. Under the circumstances, many in Washington expected the agencies to make a strong public case to erase any uncertainty. Instead, the message from the agencies essentially amounts to “trust us. ” There is no discussion of the forensics used to recognize the handiwork of known hacking groups, no mention of intercepted communications between the Kremlin and the hackers, no hint of spies reporting from inside Moscow’s propaganda machinery. At the top of every page of the report is a disclaimer that acknowledges what is missing: “This report is a declassified version of a highly classified assessment its conclusions are identical to those in the highly classified assessment, but this version does not include the full supporting information on key elements of the influence campaign. ” It offers an obvious reason for leaving out the details, declaring that including “the precise bases for its assessments” would “reveal sensitive sources or methods and imperil the ability to collect critical foreign intelligence in the future. ” The absence of any proof is especially surprising in light of promises on Thursday from the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. that he would “push the envelope” to try to make more information public. Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said that Mr. Obama had directed officials to “make as much of it public as they possibly can. ” That will not be enough for many, as the initial reaction showed. While some welcomed the scope of the report, many others were disappointed. “This is big: CIA, NSA  FBI publish perhaps the most   intelligence community assessment in US history,” Thomas Rid, a professor at King’s College London and an expert on cyberwarfare, wrote on Twitter. But Susan Hennessey, a former intelligence agency lawyer who is now the managing editor of the online journal Lawfare, wrote: “The unclassified report is underwhelming at best. There is essentially no new information for those who have been paying attention. ” Though the unclassified report is 25 pages long, counting the covers and several blank pages, the core analysis runs just five pages. That is less than the   “annex” devoted to RT America, the television network. It is a description of the broadcaster from an intelligence report written in 2012, years before the   hacking took place. The agencies “have taken an   look at the broader Russian strategy,” said Mr. Porter, the former C. I. A. officer. The detailed description of RT’s tactics, though years old, he added, was included because they fit that strategy. Mr. Trump may have been persuaded by his classified briefing on Friday on the Russian attack, which included everything that the unclassified report leaves out, even if the statement he issued afterward seemed lukewarm. But this report is unlikely to change the minds of skeptics who, like the   remember the intelligence agencies’ faulty assessments on Iraqi weapons of mass destruction and fear being misled again."
111,17412,Russia Requires Apple and Google to Remove LinkedIn From Local App Stores - The New York Times,New York Times,Cecilia Kang and Katie Benner,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Smartphone users in Russia can no longer download the LinkedIn app on iPhone or Android devices, following a similar move in China to block The New York Times app on iPhones. The demand by Russian authorities to remove LinkedIn in Apple and Google app stores comes weeks after a court blocked the professional networking service for flouting local laws that require internet firms to store data on Russian citizens within the nation’s borders. The action is the equivalent of a nation banning “Catcher in The Rye” and then forcing booksellers to remove the title from their shelves. It puts Apple and Google in a difficult position. The companies are strong proponents of open internet policies and free speech but are now being asked to be agents for governments that censor its citizens. When LinkedIn’s website was blocked, the apps stopped functioning properly. Removing them from the Google Play store and Apple’s App Store may not have cut off access to content, but it sent a signal that countries can push the tech giants to remove the apps. Direct blocking of websites has been done by China, Russia, Turkey and several other nations for years, usually through their   internet service providers. But civil rights groups say the pressure authoritarian governments are now placing on Apple and Google is a new wrinkle. “Apps are the new choke point of free expression,” said Rebecca MacKinnon, who leads a project on open internet tracking at New America. Increasingly, United States tech companies are complying with those demands. In the early 2000s, American internet firms strongly pushed back on demands by China to comply with censorship rules within the country’s internet controls, known as the Great Firewall. Recently, Facebook has been working on a censorship tool to be able to access China, where it is currently blocked along with Twitter and Google. LinkedIn, which is owned by Microsoft, said it was “disappointed” with the decision by Russian regulators to block the service, which the company confirmed was extended to apps in Russian Apple and Google Play stores. “It denies access to our members in Russia and the companies that use LinkedIn to grow their businesses,” said Nicole Leverich, a spokeswoman for LinkedIn. Apple confirmed it was asked to remove its LinkedIn app in Russia about a month ago. It has also confirmed it was asked by China to block The New York Times app, but declined to comment further on both events. Google would not confirm it has removed LinkedIn in Russia but said it adheres to local laws in the countries in which it operates. More nations have enforced their own internet laws in recent years. Turkey intermittently blocks social media, such as during the attempted government coup last summer. It has also forced YouTube to remove content it considers disparaging of its   founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk. European nations have also drawn up their own privacy laws and in 2014 a court declared its citizens could demand internet companies like Google unlink information about users upon request. Tech companies and civil rights advocates warn that the increasing push by nations to create their own internet rules will Balkanize the internet and potentially lead to privacy violations and the stifling of political dissent. Other countries, however, criticize Silicon Valley and the United States government for setting the norms and rules for the internet. “Internet free speech and internet freedom are increasingly under attack all over the globe, and not just from authoritarian regimes,” said Robert M. McDowell, a former member of the Federal Communications Commission and partner at Cooley law firm. “It appears to be a   ratchet with speech control getting tighter. ” LinkedIn has several million users in Russia, it said. In November, a Russian court ruled that the professional networking site broke local laws that require foreign internet firms to keep their servers holding information on Russian accounts within the nation. Most American internet companies in Russia operate in violation of the law, but without explanation, Russian regulators at a body known as Roskomnadzor took the rare step of enforcing its rules. The Russian regulators could not be immediately reached for comment. The action came at a tense moment in   States relations related to cyber affairs. Russia has been accused of hacking into American accounts, including the Democratic National Committee, to try to influence the presidential election. American intelligence officials concluded in a declassified report released on Friday that the president of Russia, Vladimir V. Putin, ordered the campaign."
112,17413,U.S. Says Russians Were Behind Cyberattacks on Antidoping Agency - The New York Times,New York Times,Rebecca R. Ruiz,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"United States intelligence officials have determined that last year’s cyberattacks on the World   Agency originated with the Russian government, perpetrated in apparent retaliation for what President Vladimir V. Putin deemed to be an   effort to defame Russia for widespread doping. That conclusion was published Friday in a declassified intelligence report ordered by President Obama. The report centered on Russia’s efforts to affect the 2016 American presidential election at Mr. Putin’s direction, while also referring to Russia’s related “influence efforts against targets such as Olympic athletes and other foreign governments. ” “A prominent target since the 2016 Summer Olympics has been the World   Agency,” the report said. WADA, the global regulator of drugs in sports, commissioned numerous investigations into systematic Russian doping last year. In July, the agency recommended that Russia be barred from the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro for its   doping program, which persisted for years and spanned disciplines. Weeks later, the regulator discovered that its database containing the private medical information of international athletes had been breached. A group identifying itself as Fancy Bear  —   a Russian cyberespionage group that forensics experts had tied to the Russian government  —   published the records of athletes who had received special clearance to take typically banned substances for medical reasons. In Friday’s report, American intelligence officials concluded that the Fancy Bear hacking had originated with Russia’s main military intelligence unit, the G. R. U. which had also begun working to influence the American election in March. Many of the records stolen from the doping regulator related to American athletes, including Simone Biles, the gymnast who won numerous medals in Rio, and the tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams. The release of the records was an apparent attempt to discredit the athletes and paint the United States as hypocritical, Friday’s report stated. On Friday, Catherine MacLean, a spokeswoman for the antidoping agency, pointed to the organization’s statement in September condemning the criminal activity and noted that the agency had “asked the Russian government to do everything in their power to make it stop. ” Russian news media and sports officials have repeatedly invoked the stolen records in recent months, arguing that they are evidence of legalized doping and what they perceive to be the preferential treatment of Western athletes. Regulators and Olympic officials have repeatedly defended the affected athletes, noting that they followed proper procedure and received formal clearance. “Russia never had the opportunities that were given to other countries,” Vitaly Smirnov, a former top Russian sports official appointed by Mr. Putin to reform the nation’s antidoping system, said last month, referring to the hacked records as evidence. “The general feeling in Russia is that we didn’t have a chance. ”"
113,17414,Trump Nominees’ Filings Threaten to Overwhelm Federal Ethics Office - The New York Times,New York Times,Eric Lipton and Steve Eder,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Rex W. Tillerson owns more than $50 million of Exxon Mobil stock, has earned an annual salary of $10 million and holds a range of positions  —   from director at the Boy Scouts of America to the managing director of a Texas horse and cattle ranch. But Mr. Tillerson is prepared to resign from all those posts, sell all his stock and put much of his money into bland investments like Treasury bonds if he becomes secretary of state, according to an “ethics undertakings” memo he filed this week with the State Department. And, if he returns to the oil industry in the next decade, he could lose as much as $180 million. The   ethics letter detailing Mr. Tillerson’s commitments is the first of hundreds that will be made public in the coming weeks by members of   Donald J. Trump’s cabinet and other top political appointees, presenting a historic test of the federal government’s ability to identify conflicts of interest  —   and figure out ways to avoid them. Mr. Trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history, filled with millionaires and billionaires with complicated financial portfolios. Mr. Tillerson is worth at least $300 million, but is hardly the richest among them: Wilbur L. Ross Jr. the commerce secretary nominee Betsy DeVos, the education secretary nominee and Steven T. Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary nominee, each hold assets estimated at more than a billion dollars. Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s wealthy    is in the process of submitting his own forms as he prepares to take a formal White House position, people involved in the process said. “The Office of Government Ethics is stressed, no doubt about that,” said Robert Rizzi, a partner at Steptoe  Johnson, who represents half a dozen Trump administration nominees going through the process, although he would not name them, citing confidentiality agreements. “They are having some difficulty keeping up. ” All of the cabinet appointees and hundreds of others must submit a financial disclosure report detailing all the assets they own, their approximate value and income from any source they have made in the last year. Some of the nominees are so wealthy  —   and their assets so varied  —   there are not enough boxes on the standard form for them, lawyers involved in the process said. The disclosures are then used by the agencies they are to take over, along with the Office of Government Ethics, to identify potential conflicts of interest and to negotiate ethics letters to be signed by the nominees, committing to avoid conflicts of interest. At the same time, this class of wealthy incoming officials could save hundreds of millions of dollars in income tax payments, thanks to a special tax benefit created so that affluent Americans do not avoid federal government jobs. The Trump administration, lawyers involved in the effort said, is behind where it should be in this process of disentangling conflicts of interest. This is partly a reflection of the extraordinary complexity of negotiating such conflict of interest agreements for incoming government officials worth hundreds of millions, or even billions, of dollars. “Usually, you just own a bunch of stocks and bonds, but he’s getting people that own buildings and real estate and stuff you can’t sell,” said Alan Johnson, a New   compensation consultant. “He has Wilbur Ross, who is probably involved in a gazillion different things. I think it is going to be very complicated to try to disentangle all of these things. ” Mr. Ross is a billionaire investor and former banker who made a fortune in steel, coal, telecommunications and other industries. Under federal law, executive branch employees, including cabinet members, are prohibited from using their positions in the government to enrich themselves, meaning they are not allowed to participate in any particular matter that might directly financially benefit assets they own. The best way to avoid such a conflict, said Lawrence M. Noble, former general counsel at the Federal Election Commission, is to sell any assets  —   like Exxon Mobil stock or any individual company stock  —   and put proceeds into Treasury bonds or mutual funds. “We don’t want the decisions that these individuals make to be influenced  —   in reality, or even appearance  —   by their own financial interests,” Mr. Noble said. “They are working for the American people, and not to enrich themselves or their families. ” The rules do not apply to the president and vice president, although ethics experts  —   and even the Office of Government Ethics  —   have urged Mr. Trump to divest his assets voluntarily to rid himself of potential concerns as he takes over the White House. He has thus far resisted such a move, saying that he plans to let his two oldest sons and other Trump Organization executives manage the business, perhaps with an outside monitor. For appointees like Mr. Tillerson, the transition to government can have lucrative benefits: They can take advantage of measures in the tax code meant to be an incentive for wealthy people to consider public service jobs. The measure was put in place during the administration of the first President George Bush. This tax benefit, which requires    approval by the Office of Government Ethics, allows government officials to defer paying capital gains taxes on certain assets that they must sell in order to clear potential conflicts as they take office  —   essentially providing them with   loans. To gain the tax advantage, the liquidated proceeds must then be invested in Treasury bonds, mutual funds or   funds, and the official must seek a certificate of divestiture. Until now, Henry M. Paulson Jr. Treasury secretary under President George W. Bush, has been the most prominent example of a public official who has taken advantage of the divestiture certificate. In 2006, Mr. Paulson left Goldman Sachs and sold an estimated $500 million in Goldman stock, deferring taxes on the sale. In his memo, Mr. Tillerson suggested that he was likely to seek such a certificate, and laid out a series of plans to divorce himself from financial engagements, board appointments and Exxon Mobil. This means he will most likely avoid capital gains taxes based on his sale of $50 million in Exxon Mobil stock he owns, as well as shares in more than 150 companies including Airbus and the Walt Disney Company, all of which he has promised to sell off within 90 days of his confirmation, his ethics documents suggest. But a more complicated task involved resolving the fate of two million shares of Exxon Mobil stock, worth about $180 million, that Mr. Tillerson was set to receive over the next decade. If he held on to this promised future payout from Exxon Mobil, he would still have a financial interest in matters that might affect the company and the oil industry. So Exxon Mobil agreed to take the unusual step of paying out the value of these sales and putting the money into an independent trust, with the money invested in neutral assets like Treasury bonds and mutual funds. Under the terms of the agreement, if Mr. Tillerson, 64, goes back into the oil industry during the next decade, he will forfeit any money left in the account. Richard W. Painter, a White House ethics lawyer during the administration of President George W. Bush, said this provision preventing Mr. Tillerson from returning to the oil industry was unusual and positive, as it removes the incentive for him to take steps while in government that might benefit an industry he planned to return to work for upon his departure. “It gives up something I had never been able to get from other government officials  —   a promise not to go back to an industry from which you came,” Mr. Painter said. Still, some environmental activists say such steps cannot address what they argue will be Mr. Tillerson’s inherent bias in the State Department. “It is impossible for this man to remove his career, and frankly his personality, from the oil and gas industry,” said Lena Moffitt, director of a Sierra Club campaign trying to reduce the nation’s reliance on fossil fuels. “He has been knee deep in this industry for more than four decades. ”"
114,17415,Trump Meets With Some Vocal Critics: Editors at Vanity Fair and Vogue - The New York Times,New York Times,Laura M. Holson,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"  Donald J. Trump arrived at 1 World Trade Center a little before 10 a. m. on Friday to face some of his harshest critics in New York: top editors and digital directors of Condé Nast’s stable of magazines, among them Vanity Fair, The New Yorker and Vogue. According to a tweet by Mr. Trump, he had been invited by Anna Wintour, Condé Nast’s artistic director and the editor of Vogue. Also in attendance were Graydon Carter, the editor of Vanity Fair, who has sparred with Mr. Trump since his days as an editor at Spy magazine in the 1980s, and David Remnick, the editor of The New Yorker, who is an expert on Russia. They have been among Mr. Trump’s most vocal detractors, along with the writers at Teen Vogue. The meeting, held in a conference room on the 42nd floor with a view of New Jersey, lasted barely an hour. In answering questions from editors, Mr. Trump addressed health care, climate change, relations with Russia, women’s issues and abortion rights. Mr. Trump mostly reiterated plans or policies he has discussed publicly for months, according to two people who were apprised of the meeting but spoke on condition of anonymity because they had not been authorized to talk. When asked about health care, for instance, he told the group that he did not want to get rid of the Affordable Care Act until he had another plan in place, one of the people said. Several editors contacted declined to discuss the meeting, which was off the record. “Not my preference,” Mr. Carter wrote in an email. “But I will abide by that. ” A Condé Nast spokesman declined to comment. Ms. Wintour visited Mr. Trump at Trump Tower in   after she had criticized the Trump Foundation and suggested that Mr. Trump and his family would personally profit from his time in the White House. Ms. Wintour, a supporter of Hillary Clinton, later apologized for the comments. Mr. Trump was photographed entering Condé Nast’s headquarters alongside Michael Flynn, his choice to be national security adviser. Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump, and Kellyanne Conway, his incoming counselor, were also there. Hilary Rosen, a political strategist for SKD Knickerbocker in Washington, said all of Condé Nast’s brands have had a relationship with presidential families over the years. “It is a rich opportunity for content,” she said. Michelle Obama has been on the cover of Vogue, for example. At the same, Ms. Rosen added, “It’s not like their progressive agenda is going to have an impact on Trump. ” Ms. Rosen, who had close ties to the Clinton campaign, characterized Mr. Trump’s meetings with media outlets as “nothing more than an attempt by his team’s part to take the horns off. ” In a phone interview on Friday night, Ms. Conway declined to discuss the substance of the meeting, but said it was an opportunity for Mr. Trump to “connect with the media. ” She added that “no consideration was given to image. ” In December, Mr. Trump criticized Vanity Fair on Twitter after the magazine gave the restaurant in Trump Tower a bad review. Subscription sales have soared in the wake of Mr. Trump’s criticism, the magazine said. And Vanity Fair printed his tweet on its latest cover."
115,17416,Hospital Confirms Eric Trump Helped Raise $16.3 Million for It - The New York Times,New York Times,Eric Lipton and Maggie Haberman,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Eric Trump has helped raise $16. 3 million for St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital of Tennessee over the past decade, a hospital official said in a letter sent to a charity run by Mr. Trump, the  ’s son. The letter comes as Mr. Trump is preparing to remove his name from the charity to avoid conflicts of interest that could emerge from future  . The letter confirms an account Mr. Trump gave to reporters that his organization has raised more than $15 million for the hospital, despite available tax records showing that the Eric Trump Foundation raised less than half that amount. Mr. Trump’s announcement that he will remove his name from the organization is one of a series of steps that members of the Trump family are taking to address potential conflicts before the inauguration. Other steps include terminating planned Trump Organization projects in countries like Azerbaijan, Brazil, Colombia and Georgia. In addition to removing his name from his charitable foundation, Mr. Trump will no longer personally solicit funds for it, he said in several interviews with The New York Times. To further avoid conflicts, Mr. Trump said in an email this week, his    and a Trump Organization executive will step down from the foundation’s executive committee. The Trump Organization will continue to raise money for St. Jude from patrons at its hotels and golf courses, Mr. Trump said. But it will ask them to make contributions directly to the hospital, he said, instead of first sending the money to the Trump Organization. The St. Jude letter said that since its establishment, the Eric Trump Foundation had raised  —   or helped raise through affiliated groups  —   $16. 3 million for the hospital, which offers free care to needy children. Tax documents filed by nonprofit foundations are often delayed by two years, so there is no public accounting of these totals yet available. The letter said that some of the money was raised via related efforts, such as an Eric Trump   team that participates in the New York City Marathon. “I am amazed by the many ways that you have personally embraced our cause and cared for our children and families,” Richard C. Shadyac Jr. president of the hospital’s   organization, wrote in the Dec. 30 letter, which Mr. Trump provided to The Times. “As you are aware, we are expanding our lifesaving work and are working to push cure rates even higher in this country and around the world, while improving the lives of survivors by developing and advancing treatments that reduce side effects. We are only able to do this because of the support provided by donors and supporters like you. ” In his email this week, Mr. Trump said he would “continue to be a vocal advocate for pediatric cancer and St. Jude’s mission. ”   Donald J. Trump has announced that he is shutting down his own personal foundation, although it is currently the target of an investigation by the New York State attorney general over accusations that it did not have the proper permit to solicit contributions, and that it may have used money to benefit Mr. Trump’s own interests. No such accusations have been made about Eric Trump’s foundation."
116,17417,"Donald Trump, Fort Lauderdale: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times",New York Times,Karen Zraick and Sandra Stevenson,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The declassified version of the intelligence report on Russian hacking ordered by President Obama found that Russia’s leader, Vladimir V. Putin, “ordered an influence campaign” to sway the 2016 election. He turned from seeking to “denigrate” Hillary Clinton to developing “a clear preference” for Donald J. Trump, the report states. Mr. Trump was briefed on the report’s contents by the nation’s top intelligence and law enforcement officials. Afterward, the   acknowledged the possibility that Russia had hacked a variety of targets, but asserted that the hacking had not affected the outcome of the election. _____ 2. At least five people were killed and eight wounded in a shooting at Fort   International Airport in Florida. The gunman targeted people in the baggage claim area of a terminal used by Delta and Air Canada, and was quickly taken into custody. Senator Bill Nelson identified him as Esteban Santiago and said he was carrying a military identification. _____ 3.   Trump acknowledged that Mexico will not be paying for a wall at the border, at least now. Mr. Trump said the wall could be built faster with U. S. taxpayer money  —   but he still insisted that Mexico would ultimately reimburse the United States, probably through a renegotiated trade agreement. _____ 4. The last jobs report of the Obama administration showed tepid job growth but also a    rise in wages. Our economics reporter says that for all of Mr. Trump’s attacks on President Obama’s economic policies, he will inherit an economy that is fundamentally solid, with consumer sentiment, corporate profits and the stock markets up. _____ 5. Much of the southeastern U. S. is bracing for harsh winter storms. Many schools and government offices in Arkansas and Oklahoma were closed on Friday. A state of emergency was declared in Alabama, North Carolina and northern Georgia, including Atlanta, above. _____ 6. Russia ordered its aircraft carrier to return home from the Syrian coast, part of a general drawdown of its forces involved in the conflict. The    carrier was sent on its first combat mission last fall to mount airstrikes in support of forces loyal to President Bashar  . _____ 7. A second prison riot in a week in Brazil left at least 33 inmates dead. Local news agencies reported a gruesome scene, including decapitations, days after 56 people were killed in another riot. Officials say the violence is linked to an intensifying war among drug gangs for control of Brazil’s cocaine trade. _____ 8. Here in the U. S. opioids  —   both heroin and prescription painkillers  —   have killed more than 33, 000 people since 2015. Public health officials say it is the worst drug crisis in American history. We sent a team of reporters around the country to examine how communities are searching for solutions. We also asked readers how opioid abuse has affected them. One man wrote in from Tucson, Ariz. about his son, who became addicted to OxyContin and then heroin. “Every time he lied to me about getting clean, I would believe him and try to help him out,” he wrote. “Now I just hope his bottom is not his death. ” _____ 9. Would Hillary Clinton run for mayor of New York? While the answer is almost certainly no, that’s not stopping political buffs  —   on the right and the left  —   from discussing the question. The Clintons live in the suburbs north of the city, but Mrs. Clinton would need only to move inside the city limits by Election Day to qualify for the job (which, again, there are no signs she wants). _____ 10. Finally, the holidays are behind us. “I think we’re alone now,” writes our food editor, Sam Sifton. “Let’s cook for ourselves. ” Here are his suggestions for what to cook this weekend, including pasta with caramelized cabbage, anchovies and bread crumbs. Bon appétit. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com."
117,17418,California Today: Cracking Down on Distracted Driving - The New York Times,New York Times,Mike McPhate,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"Good morning. (Want to get California Today by email? Here’s the  .) Let’s turn it over to Jonah Engel Bromwich for today’s introduction. A California law that went into effect on Sunday barring drivers from holding phones while operating vehicles is among the most stringent in the nation. But experts say that it most likely won’t be enough to prevent accidents caused by distracted driving. Jennifer Ryan, AAA’s director of state relations, cautioned in a phone interview on Thursday that, “hands free is not risk free. ” Ms. Ryan said the California measure matched a larger trend of states bringing legislation    with contemporary phones. But while the state’s provisions were particularly broad, she said, it was important for motorists to take responsibility for themselves and pay attention. The law goes beyond what federal authorities recommend to prevent distracted driving, which remains a significant cause of traffic fatalities. The latest statistics from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration show that more than 3, 400 people died in 2015 in crashes that involved a distracted driver. Of those, 272 were teenagers. And while the use of smartphones is certainly part of the problem, many are unconvinced that keeping them out of drivers’ hands will be a panacea. Some have speculated that the California law may encourage enthusiasm for   cars. When Gov. Jerry Brown signed the measure into law in September, he approved of another bill that allowed for the first tests of autonomous driving vehicles on public roads. Steve Finnegan, the government affairs manager of the Automobile Club of Southern California, said that while the new legislation “is a step in the right direction,” it does not address “the complete issue of distracted driving. ” “One of the bigger issues is cognitive distraction,” Mr. Finnegan said. “It’s not what your hands are doing it’s what your brain is doing. ” (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have metered paywalls.) • Senator Dianne Feinstein will be at the center of the debate over   Donald J. Trump’s nominees. [McClatchy] • San Diego’s mayor has quietly started mulling a run for governor. [Politico] • A lawmaker’s claim that California legalized child prostitution was rated “Pants on Fire” by a   group. [PolitiFact] • California is bracing for the type of punishing rains that happen about once every  . [San Francisco Chronicle] • Grapes ripen earlier. Nights warm up. Aquifers run dry. Climate change is hitting wine country. [The New York Times] • Why more California families are falling into homelessness. [KPCC] • After overhauling its football stadium, U. C. Berkeley owes more money than any other college sports program. [Bloomberg News] • It was one of the most productive, disjointed and confusing years in the life of Kanye West. [The New York Times] • How the Hollywood artist Tyrus Wong fused traditional influences with his own style to create the look of “Bambi. ” [The New York Times] • The   category at the Oscars is a   race, with “La La Land” in the lead. [The New York Times] • Pete Wells’s harsh review of an Oakland fast food restaurant faced some backlash. [Los Angeles Magazine] Boats bobbing in the marina, a shimmering blue bay, the echoing calls of seabirds. Sausalito, a tiny waterfront community just north of the Golden Gate Bridge, is an inspiring place. So it was, many summers ago, that Otis Redding stayed on a houseboat there and came up with the first idea for an American classic. It was this weekend in 1968 that Mr. Redding’s “(Sittin’ on) the Dock of the Bay” was released. In August 1967, the   soul singer had come to San Francisco to do a series of gigs at Basin Street West, a storied club at the time. According to Jonathan Gould, the author of a forthcoming biography of Mr. Redding, the rock promoter Bill Graham offered Mr. Redding the use of his houseboat up in Sausalito. While relaxing there with his guitar, he is thought to have sketched the lines: Later, the guitarist Steve Cropper helped to fill out the rest of the song and it was recorded in November. But Mr. Redding never heard the single. Just 18 days after the studio session, he died in a plane crash in Madison, Wis. on Dec. 10, 1967. He was 26. On Jan. 8, 1968, the “Dock of the Bay” album was released. The single rose to No. 1 on Billboard’s pop chart and stayed there for four weeks. It was the biggest hit of Mr. Redding’s career. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley."
118,17419,Westchester County Reacts to Possible Indian Point Shutdown - The New York Times,New York Times,Lisa W. Foderaro,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"For years, antinuclear activists, concerned parents, local officials and others have worried about Indian Point, a   nuclear plant on the Hudson River in northern Westchester County that provides cheap energy and robust tax revenue, but also carries the risk of disaster. The news on Friday that the state had negotiated a deal that could shut down the plant within five years sent shock waves of jubilation, relief and anxiety through the suburbs north of New York City. On one side was an almost gleeful disbelief that what had seemed an insurmountable goal  —   ridding the county of nuclear power  —   would come to pass. Nada Khader, executive director of the Wespac Foundation, a nonprofit group in White Plains that advocates social justice, was told about the development by a reporter. “This is really amazing for Wespac, an organization whose many, many members have been working for decades to shut Indian Point,” she said. “All of us want to shift to safe energy. We absolutely welcome this news. ” But there were also misgivings about what the closing would mean for utility customers, Indian Point employees and the nearby schools that rely on the plant’s tax dollars. Officials in Westchester County said they were blindsided by the deal and were upset that they were not consulted. Robert P. Astorino, the county executive and a vocal supporter of Indian Point, which is in the village of Buchanan, said more than $4 million enters the county’s coffers every year from the plant, representing nearly 1 percent of the tax base. “No one from the governor’s office had the common courtesy to call the county affected by this,” Mr. Astorino, a Republican, said. “So we’re all trying to figure out what will happen in the future and the costs of this potential closure. There are enormous economic consequences to something like this. ” Perhaps no single entity will suffer the financial effects of the shutdown more than Hendrick Hudson schools, a district with 2, 400 students that draws from parts of a   towns and villages near the plant. The superintendent, Joseph E. Hochreiter, said taxes from the company that owns Indian Point, Entergy, made up   of the district’s $75. 8 million operating budget annually. “We’ve enjoyed some of the lowest property tax increases of any school district in Westchester County and that has made this a very appealing community to move to and stay in,” he said. “Entergy plays a major, major role in keeping taxes down. If they are not operating at the capacity that we’re accustomed to, we are going to have budget deficits. ” Converting Indian Point’s property to another use  —   whether residential or commercial  —   may not be possible, given the environmental history of the   site. Still, after years of   over the potential for a catastrophe, many residents said they would be happy to have a   county. Opponents of the plant had seized on the Sept. 11 terror attacks and, later, the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster in Japan to galvanize support for shutting Indian Point. More recently, critics had focused on fighting a natural gas pipeline that was constructed on the plant’s land. Elected officials, residents and environmental activists have criticized the project, saying that a rupture could unleash a nuclear catastrophe. While Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, a Democrat, has long called for the plant’s closing, few thought a decision to shut it down was imminent. Nancy Vann, a retired Wall Street lawyer who lives in Peekskill, has fought against Indian Point for years. She is president of Safe Energy Rights Group, which was formed in response to the natural gas pipeline. “I’m very, very happy about this,” she said, referring to news of the agreement. But like others, she was concerned about the plant’s spent fuel rods. Under the deal, they will be moved off site eventually. “Indian Point won’t be completely safe until the spent fuel rods are all put into hardened dry cask storage,” she said. “I just want people to realize that the fact that Indian Point is closing  —   and not immediately  —   doesn’t mean it will be safe right away. ” Michael B. Kaplowitz, chairman of the Westchester County Board of Legislators, listed other concerns  —   from the plant’s decommissioning costs and the fate of its 1, 000 employees, to the effects on the local area. While he is eager to see details of the deal, he said that on balance, shutting it made sense. “It’s a net societal gain because of the specter of terrorism,” he said. “The better the details are for the company, the worse it is for the rate payers and taxpayers. I’m hoping that given the leverage the state has that the tax payers and rate payers do better than the Entergy shareholders. ” “I can say,” he added, “that I’m encouraged that it looks like we are turning the page on a nuclear power plant that doesn’t belong 25 miles from New York City. ”"
119,17420,Recovery Finally Yields Big Gains for Average Worker’s Pay - The New York Times,New York Times,Nelson D. Schwartz,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"It has been a long time coming  —   eight years, in fact  —   but the economic recovery is finally showing up in the average American worker’s paycheck in a big way. There have been plenty of winners in the recovery, which began in  : companies, homeowners, investors and, especially, households at the apex of the economic pyramid. But the paucity of gains in   pay has stoked anxiety and frustration for many others, a factor in the wave of discontent that   Donald J. Trump rode to victory in November. But even as Mr. Trump prepares to succeed President Obama in two weeks, the Labor Department reported on Friday that average hourly earnings rose by 2. 9 percent last year, the best annual performance since the recovery began. And many economists expect the trend to gain momentum this year, as a tighter labor market forces employers to pay more to hire and retain workers. “This is a turning point for the overall economy,” said Diane Swonk, a veteran independent economist in Chicago. While wage growth was robust last year, government data for December showed a more tepid increase in employment, with 156, 000 jobs added during the month, and a slight uptick in the unemployment rate to 4. 7 percent. Until recently, a rise in salaries one month would peter out the next, but the upward trajectory in 2016 reflects wage gains even for Americans at the low end of the pay scale, Ms. Swonk said. Leisure and hospitality workers, for example, saw hourly earnings jump 4. 4 percent from a year earlier, equal to the increase enjoyed by employees in the surging technology sector. To be sure, a number of the economic problems cited by Mr. Trump during the campaign remain: millions of former workers not even looking for jobs, ebbing factory positions and fewer opportunities for the 55 percent of Americans without college degrees or other   school credentials. “Strong economic growth doesn’t really matter if it’s not widely distributed,” Ms. Swonk said. “You can have a better economy but still not good enough for people who aren’t participating at all. ” A more comprehensive government barometer of unemployment, which includes workers forced to take   jobs because   positions were not available, stood at 9. 2 percent in December, a much higher level than at this point in past recoveries. But rising wages should counter the economic undertow, especially if the gains remain  . And while a 2. 9 percent increase may not sound like much, it goes much further because inflation is about 1. 7 percent. Economists expect wages to rise by up to 3. 5 percent in 2017  —   still below the gains many workers saw in the recovery of the   and in the   boom of the late 1990s. Although not reflected in the December figures, many   workers are getting raises this year because of state increases in the local minimum wage. Some of the increases were substantial, with Arizona, Maine and Washington each raising the floor by $1. 50 or more an hour. Even in California, where, at 50 cents an hour, the wage gain is not as steep, one in 10 workers has gotten a raise. And   gains can have a spillover effect, pushing up pay for workers just above the bottom salary tier. For all his criticism during the campaign of Mr. Obama’s economic stewardship, Mr. Trump will inherit an economy that is fundamentally solid. Consumer sentiment, corporate profits and the stock market are all at or near multiyear highs. On Friday, Wall Street embraced the       labor market figures, lifting the Dow Jones industrial average close to 20, 000 and a new nominal record. Investors and traders are watching the jobs data closely for clues about when the Federal Reserve Board may next raise interest rates. Last month, the Fed increased interest rates for only the second time in a decade, and policy makers signaled that three more increases could come this year. The wage gains are among the reasons the Fed is likely to stick to that plan, Ms. Swonk, the Chicago economist, said. Monthly job creation last year was well below the 236, 000 average for hiring in 2014 and 2015. But with the economy close to what Fed policy makers and other experts consider full employment, employers are increasing wages, to retain workers and to attract new ones. While the minimum wage increases provide a floor when it comes to pay, the ceiling continues to rise in fields like financial services, sales and technology, said Tom Gimbel, chief executive of LaSalle Network, a Chicago staffing company. “Across the board, I see more aggressive salaries being offered by corporations than at any time in the last 10 years,” Mr. Gimbel said. Seasoned sales representatives are drawing base salaries of $150, 000 a year, compared with $125, 000 two years ago, according to Mr. Gimbel.   software developers who once started at around $50, 000 a year can now command $70, 000. Other executives in the Midwest also report upward pressure on wages, including in grittier settings than the   fields where engineers and financial professionals cluster. At Lou Malnati’s Pizzeria, which has 46 restaurants in the Chicago area and one in Phoenix,   pay in hourly positions like server, cook and dishwasher is now about $11. 50 an hour, compared with $10 an hour three years ago. Mark Agnew, the chain’s president, said most of the increase was a result of the steady rise in Chicago’s minimum wage, which has gone from $8. 25 in 2014 to $10. 50 now. It is set to hit $13 by summer 2019. “We want to stay ahead of the minimum wage because we want to attract the best talent,” Mr. Agnew said. A substantial portion of the chain’s 3, 000 workers have been with the company for more than 10 years, a rarity in the   restaurant industry that is another benefit of the slightly higher wages. Economists and politicians have long debated whether raising the minimum wage ultimately hurts workers as companies cut positions or leave them unfilled in the face of rising labor costs. So far, that has not been the case at Lou Malnati’s, Mr. Agnew said. The chain has opened about a dozen new locations in the past three years, adding about 600 workers to its payroll over all. “It’s very tricky, and I know the minimum wage may erode job creation in some industries,” he said. “But in my own company, it hasn’t hurt hiring. ”"
120,17421,"Florida Airport Assailant May Have Heard Voices Urging Violence, Officials Say - The New York Times",New York Times,"Lizette Alvarez, Richard Fausset and Adam Goldman",2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla.  —   Federal law enforcement officials said they were investigating whether the gunman who opened fire on Friday at the airport here, killing five people and wounding eight, was mentally disturbed and heard voices in his head telling him to commit acts of violence. According to a senior law enforcement official, the gunman, identified as Esteban Santiago, 26, walked into the F. B. I. office in Anchorage in November and made disturbing remarks that prompted officials to urge him to seek mental health care. Mr. Santiago, appearing “agitated and incoherent,” said “that his mind was being controlled by a U. S. intelligence agency,” the official said. Other officials said it was too early to tell whether Mr. Santiago, who was captured in the airport, had been inspired by terrorist groups, including the Islamic State. The officials said he had viewed extremist materials on the internet. Shortly after 1 p. m. Friday, the suspect, who had been an airline passenger, pulled a semiautomatic handgun out of his bag and opened fire in a crowded baggage claim area in Terminal 2, officials said. The shooting spurred a scene of panic and confusion that played out on live television as scores of travelers burst out of the terminal and onto the tarmac, running and seeking cover, at times in response to erroneous rumors of   attacks. David Fogarty, a carpenter from Key West, was heading to Cancún, Mexico, on vacation when the people around him suddenly began running toward the gates. “Everybody was dropping gear, panicking, jumping over tables,” Mr. Fogarty said in a phone interview. “We were saying: ‘What is going on? Are there people shooting?’ I am not hearing any gunshots, and the whole place is panicking. ” Officers took Mr. Santiago into custody without firing a shot, and on Friday evening, he was being interviewed by F. B. I. agents and county investigators, as the wounded were being treated at hospitals. The senior law enforcement official said Mr. Santiago was making “disjointed” statements in his Anchorage F. B. I. visit. “Although Santiago stated that he did not wish to harm anyone, as a result of his erratic behavior, interviewing agents contacted local authorities,” who took him to a medical facility for evaluation, the official said. “The F. B. I. closed its assessment of Santiago after conducting database reviews, interagency checks, and interviews of his family members,” the official said. On Twitter,   Donald J. Trump said that he was “monitoring the terrible situation in Florida” and that he had spoken to Gov. Rick Scott. Hours after the attack, a picture began to emerge of Mr. Santiago as a man who had served his country, but who had experienced trouble and failure. Mr. Santiago was discharged in August from the Alaska Army National Guard for “unsatisfactory performance,” according to Lt. Col. Candis A. Olmstead, the spokeswoman for the Alaska Guard. In September, Mr. Santiago became a father when his son was born, according to an aunt, Maria Luisa Ruiz, a resident of Union City, N. J. who spoke on Friday to the newspaper The Record. In an email, Ms. Olmstead said that Mr. Santiago joined the Puerto Rico National Guard in December 2007. In 2010, he deployed to Balad, Iraq, with the 130th Engineer Battalion, which spent a year clearing roads of improvised explosives and maintaining bridges he was awarded a Meritorious Unit Commendation. At least two soldiers from his company were killed in insurgent attacks during the tour, but there is nothing in the record that indicates Mr. Santiago had been in combat. Ms. Olmstead said he served in the Army Reserves before joining the Alaska Army National Guard in November 2014. Before his discharge last year, he worked as a combat engineer as a private first class. An official service record released on Friday by the Army showed that Mr. Santiago had received a number of commendations, including the Army Good Conduct Medal. Mr. Santiago’s brother, Bryan Santiago, told The Associated Press that Esteban was born in New Jersey and moved to Puerto Rico when he was 2. Nelson Cruz, a Puerto Rico senator who represents Peñuelas, the city in Puerto Rico where Mr. Santiago grew up, said he met Mr. Santiago about seven or eight years ago, and found him to be a “good young man” who loved his family. Mr. Cruz said he spoke on Friday with Bryan Santiago, who relayed that the family was shocked by the news of the killings. The family offered no known motive for the crime, but noted that Esteban had recently been hallucinating and was receiving psychological treatment. “Bryan said his brother went to Iraq or Afghanistan, one of those places, and came back with psychological problems,” Mr. Cruz said. “He would suddenly see visions, but that he was a calm young man and was never violent. ” Esteban Santiago liked sports (particularly boxing, as Bryan is a boxing trainer) and was proud of his military career. “We don’t know what happened with this guy,” Mr. Cruz said. “He was an intelligent, brilliant young man who came back affected. When he came back from the conflict, he did not return well. ” He added that the family wanted to express condolences, but was in a state of panic over the number of news reporters outside their house. At a news conference late Friday in Florida, officials warned that learning the gunman’s motive would be a long, complex process. “We have not ruled out terrorism, and we will pursue every angle to try to determine the motive behind this attack,” said George Piro, the special agent in charge of the F. B. I. ’s Miami division. The shooting comes at a tense time for a nation that has been watching nervously as terrorist attacks have occurred elsewhere in the world, and as Mr. Trump, who has promised to bar Muslims from entering the country, prepares to ascend to the presidency. Officials said that he had flown on a flight from Alaska to Minneapolis, and then to Fort   International Airport. In a Facebook post, a Broward County commissioner, Chip LaMarca, said the assailant had been a passenger on a Canadian flight who had checked his weapon in his luggage and then, upon disembarking, went to the airport bathroom to load it. “Came out shooting people in baggage claim,” Mr. LaMarca wrote. On CNN, Mark Lea, a witness, said the gunman “just randomly shot people, no rhyme or reason. ” After the shootings, the gunman lay facedown, spread eagle and “waited for the deputies to come get him,” he said. At that point, the gunman showed no remorse, Mr. Lea said. “He didn’t say anything,” he said. “Nothing. No emotion, no nothing. About as   as you could get. ” Witnesses also recounted scenes of confusion and fear. “All of a sudden there was a stampede,” said Tara Webber, 41, of Allentown, Pa. who was heading home after a   cruise to the Bahamas and was waiting with relatives in Terminal 3 for her flight. Those who were not running, she said, “hit the floor. ” She and her father, Dan Trinkle, 63, dived under a set of plastic chairs. Ms. Webber said she almost landed on a little girl, who was crying, and tried to comfort her. “This was the scariest thing I’ve ever done in my life,” said Ms. Webber, who works for her father’s limousine company. “We’re going to get a car and drive all the way home. ” Her father said he went for the floor like everyone else. “Then the cops told us to leave all our stuff and get out,” he said. “Everything was thrown around all over the place. ” Mr. Trickle said the police and airport authorities seemed unsure of how to handle the situation. “As far as I’m concerned, they weren’t prepared for something like this,” he said. “We were all out on the runway for hours. It made no sense. ” He said he and his family were allowed to leave after three hours and go to a hospital only because his girlfriend, Barbara Keinert, 57, had left her insulin on the cruise ship and needed another dose. The suspect’s name was made public by Senator Bill Nelson, Democrat of Florida, soon after the shooting. Mr. Nelson said he had learned the name from the administrator of the Transportation Security Administration, Peter V. Neffenger. Mr. Nelson said Mr. Neffenger had also told him the suspect was in possession of an American military identification. Barbara Sharief, the mayor of Broward County, said authorities were confident that the gunman had acted alone. “Based on the preliminary reviewing of the footage tapes, he is a lone shooter,” Ms. Sharief said. “He is alive, he was not harmed, not shot. ” Airport police officers chased the gunman through the terminal as he continued to fire before apprehending him unharmed near a departure gate and arresting him. The scene that unspooled after shots rang out was intensely chaotic. Live TV showed government vehicles blocking the roads to and from the airport and scores of travelers milling on the tarmac, apparently having been evacuated from the building. Some could be seen marching en masse across the pavement, wheeling bags behind them. Moments later, the passengers would burst into movement, like frightened birds, running one way or another, apparently in reaction to concerns, which authorities later said were unfounded, that more attacks were underway. A number of witnesses called in to television news programs almost immediately after it happened. John Schlicher, a traveler who spoke in a phone interview with MSNBC, said he had been traveling with his wife and    and they were retrieving their bags from a carousel when he heard the first shot. “I wasn’t sure what it was at first, but I saw the person right to my side fall to the ground, and I turned and looked and the shooter was in the center hallway,” he told MSNBC. Mr. Schlicher did not hear the gunman speak, and described him as slender, with dark hair, and possibly wearing a blue “Star Wars”   . Mr. Schlicher said he and everyone around him dropped to the ground. “I put my head down and prayed,” he said. The shooting came as Florida lawmakers were preparing to consider legislation that would relax prohibitions on firearms. State laws allow for the purchase of rifles, handguns and shotguns without a permit, though a license is required to carry a concealed weapon in the state. The legislation, which was proposed last month, would eliminate some “  zones” in Florida  —   which currently include airport terminals, schools and government meetings. The bill was introduced by State Senator Greg Steube, a Republican and longtime opponent of   zones. As the false alarms subsided at the airport, the scene remained tense. Workers and passengers leaving the airport were searched by law enforcement personnel. Passengers who had been on planes on the tarmac were forced to stay in their seats, where they received updates from captains and crew members. Television news stations showed video of medics taking care of a bleeding victim outside the airport. News helicopters showed hundreds of people standing on the tarmac as an ambulance drove by. With the airport shut down, the Federal Aviation Administration said that flights headed to Fort Lauderdale had been delayed or diverted to other airports. A number of travelers described harrowing moments of panic. Melody Dorward and a colleague, Amberly Buccholz, had just stepped off a Spirit Airways flight from Ohio when they got caught up in the tide of people who ran down the terminal. They joined in and were directed out to the tarmac, clustered there with others, shifting from spot to spot. Rumors of more gunfire spread through the crowd, with many convinced they had heard shots. “I called my family to say goodbye,” said Ms. Dorward, 22, an   worker, “to tell them I love them. ”"
121,17422,Is Your Workout Not Working? Maybe You’re a Non-Responder - The New York Times,New York Times,Gretchen Reynolds,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"Is your workout getting you nowhere? Research and lived experience indicate that many people who begin a new exercise program see little if any improvement in their health and fitness even after weeks of studiously sticking with their new routine. Among fitness scientists, these people are known as “nonresponders. ” Their bodies simply don’t respond to the exercise they are doing. And once discouraged, they often return to being nonexercisers. But an inspiring and timely new study suggests that nonresponders to one form of exercise can probably switch to another exercise regimen to which their body will respond. And a simple test you can do at home will help you determine how well your workout is working for you. One of the first major studies to report the phenomenon of nonresponders appeared in 2001, when researchers parsed data from dozens of previously published studies of running, cycling and other endurance exercise. The studies showed that, on aggregate, endurance training increased people’s endurance. But when the researchers examined individual outcomes, the variations were staggering. Some people had improved their endurance by as much as 100 percent, while others had actually become less fit, even though they were following the same workout routine. Age, sex and ethnicity had not mattered, the researchers noted. Young people and old had been outliers, as had women and men, black volunteers and white. Interestingly, nonresponse to endurance training ran in families, the researchers discovered, suggesting that genetics probably plays a significant role in how people’s bodies react to exercise. Since then, other researchers have found that people can have extremely erratic reactions to weight training regimens, with some packing on power and mass and others losing both. And a study published last year concentrating on brief bouts of intense interval training concluded that some people barely gained endurance with this type of workout, while others flourished, greatly augmenting their fitness. These studies, however, were not generally designed to tell us whether someone who failed to benefit from one form of exercise might do well with another. So for the new experiment, which was published in December in the journal PLOS One, researchers from Queen’s University in Kingston, Ontario, and the University of Ottawa decided to focus intently on whether a nonresponder to one form of exercise could benefit by switching to another. They began by gathering 21 healthy men and women and determining their VO2 max, a measure of how much oxygen the lungs can deliver to the muscles heart rates and other physiological parameters related to aerobic fitness. Then they had each volunteer complete two very different types of workouts. Each training regimen lasted three weeks, and the researchers waited several months before starting the next regimen, so that volunteers could return to their baseline fitness. One   routine involved typical endurance training: riding a stationary bicycle four times a week for 30 minutes at a moderately strenuous pace. The second type of exercise revolved around   intervals. Each volunteer completed eight   intervals of very hard pedaling on a stationary bicycle, with 10 seconds of rest after each bout. The intervals were brutal but brief. At the end of each   session, the researchers again checked each volunteer’s VO2 max and other fitness measures. As a group, they had gained admirable amounts of fitness from both workouts and to about the same extent. But individually, the responses varied considerably. About a third of the people had failed to show much if any improvement in one of the measures of fitness after three weeks of endurance training. Similarly, about a third had not improved their fitness much with interval training. And after each type of workout, some participants were found to be in worse shape. A majority of the participants, in other words, had failed to respond as expected after one of the workouts. But, importantly, no one had failed to respond at all. Every man and woman had measurably improved his or her fitness in some way after one of the sessions, if not the other. Those who had shown little response to endurance training generally showed a robust improvement after the interval sessions, and vice versa. These data suggest that “there is no     approach to exercise,” says Brendon Gurd, an associate professor of kinesiology at Queen’s University who oversaw the study. “But it does seem as if there is some size that fits everyone. ” The question is how to determine which form of exercise best fits you. The answer, Dr. Gurd says, is simple trial and error. Before beginning a new exercise routine, he says, measure your fitness. You can do this by briskly walking up several flights of stairs or quickly stepping onto and off a box three or four times. Then check your pulse. This is your baseline number. Now start working out. Walk. Jog. Attend interval training or spin classes. After about a month, Dr. Gurd says, repeat the stair or step test. Your pulse rate should be slower now. Your workout sessions should also be feeling easier. If not, you may be a nonresponder to your current exercise routine. In that case, switch things up, Dr. Gurd recommends. If you have primarily been walking, maybe try sprinting up a few flights of stairs and walking back down, which is a simple form of interval training. Or if you have been exercising with intervals and feeling no fitter, perhaps jog for a month or two. The message he hopes people will glean from his and other studies of exercise nonresponders “is not that you shouldn’t bother exercising because exercise might not help you,” Dr. Gurd says. “It does help everyone, once you find your own best exercise. ”"
122,17423,Beating of Disabled Teenager Highlights a Crime That Often Goes Unpunished - The New York Times,New York Times,Mitch Smith and Richard Pérez-Peña,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"CHICAGO  —   The appalling video seized the nation’s attention this week: A group of young people kidnapped, bound, beat, slashed, gagged, humiliated and threatened to kill a teenager with mental disabilities over nearly three days, and laughed about it as they carried out their acts. But by far, the most unusual thing about the episode, advocates for people with disabilities have said, was not the abuse itself, but the fact that it was recorded. Violence against people with disabilities is far more common than most people realize, advocates have said, and frequently goes undetected or is not taken seriously. The victim in the attack here, an    white man, suffered from schizophrenia and attention deficit disorder, prosecutors said in court papers filed on Friday. The four accused attackers, ranging in age from 18 to 24, are black. The four appeared on Friday in Cook County Circuit Court and Judge Maria Kuriakos Ciesil ordered them held without bail. The defendants are accused of multiple felonies, including hate crimes. Prosecutors said the victim, who was found by the police on Tuesday, was targeted based on his race and his disability. During a Facebook video made by one of the defendants, another can be heard denouncing white people, and, at one point, a man is heard saying he does not care if the victim is schizophrenic. “I’m wondering as I’m hearing this, ‘Where was the sense of decency?’ ” Judge Kuriakos Ciesil asked. In explaining her denial of bail, she added, “How do you put someone out there who has allegedly committed such horrible offenses against a person?” People with disabilities are more than twice as likely to be the victims of violent crimes as those without disabilities, according to a Justice Department report based on Census Bureau surveys. And people with mental disabilities are the most likely to be victimized. But some advocates claim the disparity is actually much greater, saying crimes against those with disabilities are less likely to be pursued by law enforcement. They believe people with disabilities may be unable to take part in a survey or go to the police, or may have trouble being understood. As a result, their complaints often are not taken seriously. “There are probably thousands of other cases just like this one in Chicago, and in some cases worse, that will never see the impact of the justice system because folks don’t know about it,” said Rebecca Cokley, the executive director of the National Council on Disability, a federal agency. “In a lot of cases with people with disabilities, the perpetrators are family members or caretakers, so what happens when the person who would have to take you to the police station is your abuser?” Advocates have said the underlying problem is a pervasive attitude, conscious or not, that people with disabilities are not fully human. They pointed to a recent case in Idaho, where a white high school football player was charged with shoving a coat hanger into the rectum of another teenager, who was black and had mental disabilities, after having harassed the student and directed racial slurs at him for months. Though the accused student was 18 at the time of the assault, he was sentenced to probation rather than prison. “We have, unfortunately, devalued disabled people forever, which means we devalue their suffering,” said Curt Decker, executive director of the National Disability Rights Network, a nonprofit advocacy group. “What we experience all the time is that police, prosecutors, judges say, ‘Oh, this case is hard, it’s not worth our trouble. This person is hard to understand, or they’re not credible, or they won’t stand up to  . ’” Mr. Decker said that when Congress spent years drafting, debating, and finally voting on hate crimes legislation, which passed in 2009, it was a struggle to ensure that it punished crimes singling out people with disabilities, as well as bias based on categories like race or sex.   of the 50 states have hate crimes laws, according to the   League, but 17 of them do not specify people with disabilities as a protected group. Vilissa Thompson, an organizer of the Harriet Tubman Collective, a coalition of advocates for disabled black people, said, “People are ignorant about the extent of violence against disabled people, but what’s worse is that there’s this kind of misplaced sympathy for the perpetrator, especially when it’s a parent or caregiver. ”"
123,17425,"Andrew Garfield, Spiritual Ghost in the Hollywood Machine - The New York Times",New York Times,Cara Buckley,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"LOS ANGELES  —   To understand how Andrew Garfield successfully made the leap from   to holy man, it’s helpful to know that when he was 8, his hero was Mahatma Gandhi. And that one of his life goals at the time was to seek out the schoolyard bully and envelop him in a warm embrace. “He was a brilliant terror, kind of like a ” Mr. Garfield recalled during an interview one warm night in the fall. “My first impulse was to give him a hug and a kiss and tell him he was all right, and that he didn’t have to behave that way. ” He paused, a few moments later adding, “Of course, I became his main target, because I saw him so deeply. ” After a few hours of conversation with Mr. Garfield about, among other things, celebrity toxicity, spiritual steadfastness, authentic living and God, it was evident that Mr. Garfield sees many things deeply. This attribute was integral to his landing starring roles in two meaty movies that are receiving awards attention this season. The first is Mel Gibson’s “Hacksaw Ridge,” about Desmond T. Doss, a   World War II hero, a   Adventist and conscientious objector who refused to carry weaponry the part has landed Mr. Garfield his second Golden Globe nomination. The other is Martin Scorsese’s   “Silence,” in which Mr. Garfield plays a   Jesuit priest, Sebastien Rodrigues, on a mission in hostile Japan. Both directors said Mr. Garfield possessed a moral conviction necessary for playing their protagonists, each of whom happen to be devout and forced to face down Japanese antagonists. Mr. Garfield, who is 33, said he could not have done “Hacksaw” were it not for the intensive preparation he underwent for “Silence. ” For the Scorsese film, which was produced first but released second, he spent a year under the tutelage of the Jesuit priest and author Father James Martin, praying, fasting, using a small rented West Village apartment as a   retreat and undergoing rigorous spiritual exercises. “I got not only a theological education, but a deep spiritually transformative experience,” Mr. Garfield said, his brown eyes blazing with the intensity of a tractor beam. Lithe and nimble  —   not for nothing was he    —   and as finely tuned as a whippet, Mr. Garfield came across as a friendly, engaged presence, with a crackling intelligence that Mr. Gibson described as “through the roof. ” “There’s something about fasting, about being empty enough to allow the spirit in, to hear and to listen and to be guided,” Mr. Garfield said. “To be with that silent void, that chaos in ourselves, that’s what the character goes through. He gets the most profound bliss and joy because he hangs in there with the void, with the seeming darkness. ” Mr. Garfield met to chat at the Sunset Marquis in West Hollywood, a spot arranged by his publicist even though Mr. Garfield was staying on the city’s east side he was in production for the coming noir thriller “Under the Silver Lake. ” The Marquis is deluxe  —   “through the breezeway and over the koi bridge” were a clerk’s directions to the restaurant  —   and couldn’t have been farther from the spartan surroundings Mr. Garfield put himself in to prepare for “Silence. ” That spiritual work, in turn, seems to have left Mr. Garfield ever more at odds with the Hollywood culture he has resisted even as his star has steadily risen. The night before, he’d attended the Governors Awards, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences’ annual   gala. While Mr. Garfield said he marveled at the screened montages of the night’s honorary award winners, he was painfully aware of the constant inflation and deflation of egos, including his own. “It’s a really sick old Hollywood kind of patriarchal value system, based on commerce and money and who’s the hottest and who’s going to bring in the big bucks,” he said. “I’m not saying that an organization like the academy doesn’t acknowledge and honor talent it’s evident they do. But it coexists with the commerce aspect. Sometimes I feel the tail is wagging the dog. And I struggle with that. ” Of course, the reason Mr. Garfield is getting such plum parts is because he is ascending that hierarchy, despite himself. Born in Los Angeles to an English mum and an American father, Mr. Garfield was raised from toddlerhood in Surrey, England. His family was a loving one, he said, and his father was Jewish and resisted the notion that any one people were chosen. Mr. Garfield began acting as a child, working his way up from the theater to British television and then feature films. He came to international attention in 2010 for his lauded performances in “Never Let Me Go” and “The Social Network. ” But it was his casting as   for “The Amazing  ” (2012) and subsequent romance with his   Emma Stone, that catapulted him to a wider fame, which he knew was coming and dreaded when he took the Peter Parker role.   had always been Mr. Garfield’s favorite superhero, and he said he adored the character and couldn’t say no, even though being in such a spotlight made him cringe. “If I could have kept the mask on the whole time, it would have been better, because I don’t have interest in being known for a character,” Mr. Garfield said of his time as Spidey (he also starred in the 2014 sequel). “I have no interest in being known as a celebrity celebrity is a pretty disgusting word. It’s part of the brainwashing of the culture, part of the false idolatry of those that are only human, and I don’t want to participate in that. ” The paparazzi had other ideas, which Mr. Garfield pushed back against. When photographers caught him strolling New York’s streets with Ms. Stone, the pair hid their faces behind handwritten signs directing readers to charity websites. In 2015, when it was announced that another actor would be playing   Mr. Garfield found himself relieved: He wanted to continue working on himself as an actor, which isn’t easy in a franchise. “It’s a moneymaking exercise, and I don’t know if I’m criticizing that,” he said. “I’m trying not to judge that, all I knew is that I found it very painful to be a part of in that regard. ” But he had already been spreading his wings. In 2012, Mr. Garfield earned a Tony nomination for his performance as Biff in Broadway’s “Death of a Salesman,” starring Philip Seymour Hoffman and directed by Mike Nichols. Mr. Nichols became one of Mr. Garfield’s dearest mentors, and his death, along with Mr. Hoffman’s in 2014  —   “I’m so lucky I got to brush my soul against him every night,” Mr. Garfield said  —   left him lastingly bereft. The performance was recommended to Mr. Scorsese, who was finally getting a passion project three decades in the making off the ground. In 2013, while Mr. Garfield was in the middle of “The Amazing   2,” he found himself in Mr. Scorsese’s Upper West Side offices for an audition that would last three hours, and leave the director thrilled. “I felt the film come alive at that point,” Mr. Scorsese wrote in an email. “Andrew let me know right away that he had to go deep into the role and that it had to take time  —   he had to live it. ” This would involve intensive work with Father Martin, who, despite his initial wariness, ended up guiding Mr. Garfield through St. Ignatius Loyola’s Spiritual Exercises, which often mark the summit of a spiritual journey. “God drew him into the exercises immediately,” Father Martin said. “At one point, Marty said: ‘I’m sorry you won’t be with me in Taiwan. We won’t have an expert in Jesuit spirituality with us.’ And I said, ‘Yes, you will, you’ll have Andrew. ’” The production was in 2015, and shortly after Mr. Garfield returned, he read the script for “Hacksaw Ridge. ” It was positioned as a comeback for Mr. Gibson, who had been disgraced a decade earlier for drunkenly spewing   epithets. Mr. Garfield said he read the script, wept  —   Mr. Doss had   rescued 75 men from a brutal battleground in Japan  —   and that any hesitation he might have had vanished after he asked Mr. Gibson about the controversy  . “We talked about everything, all about that period in his life, and the years since, and his sobriety, and the work he’s done and the healing he’s done within himself, and those others that he consulted and hurt,” Mr. Garfield said. “He’s a very loving man, a crazy loyal man, sensitive and caretaking, and he’s not drinking, and it’s a really beautiful, beautiful thing. ” As for Mr. Gibson, he said Mr. Garfield filled every hope he had. “The pump was primed,” Mr. Gibson said over the phone. “This character needed to be profound down to the bootstraps of his soul. ” After a few months’ breather once filming wrapped, Mr. Garfield quickly went back to work and he’s also starring this year in a revival of “Angels in America” in the West End. But his very immediate future is being dictated by awards  —   his work in “Hacksaw” also landed a Screen Actors Guild award, and the Golden Globes are Sunday, Jan. 8  —   meaning he’ll be back on red carpets, schmoozing again, a reluctant cog in the Hollywood machine."
124,17426,"He Helped Topple a Dictator. In New York, He’s Another Face in the Crowd. - The New York Times",New York Times,Dionne Searcey,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"Every public housing complex in America is filled with individual tales of struggle and survival. This is the story of a dapper man in a black fedora who lives in unit 16G in the Bronx. His name is Souleymane Guengueng, and he brought down a murderous African dictator. In the 1980s, Mr. Guengueng was one of numerous people imprisoned and tortured during the brutal reign of President Hissène Habré in Chad, a landlocked country in central Africa. When he was released from prison after two and a half years, Mr. Guengueng began a quest for justice, meticulously recording the testimonies of survivors and the relatives of those who had been killed at the direction of Mr. Habré. He wound up with records detailing the abuse and murder of more than 700 people. Human rights advocates collected his accounts and used them as critical pieces of evidence to pursue criminal action against Mr. Habré. The legal case was not an easy one. Finding a court to prosecute a head of state proved difficult. For more than 16 years, the case bounced between nations and continents, with Mr. Guengueng offering his personal plea for justice to anyone who would listen. In May, in Dakar, Senegal, where Mr. Habré had lived in exile, the dictator was finally convicted. Next week, a court there will hear his appeal. On the day of the guilty verdict, a defiant Mr. Habré, wearing dark glasses and with his head wrapped in white scarves as though he were bracing for a desert storm, raised his fists and yelled to supporters in the courtroom. Mr. Guengueng was in the courtroom, too, his trademark hat on the seat beside him, flanked by human rights advocates who had pursued justice against other dictators. He had been a key witness in the trial. Tears spilled from his eyes, a mix of pride and revenge and sadness and relief. “It was like an    experience for me,” Mr. Guengueng, 67, said. “Habré is in prison now. Habré must be saying, ‘Look at me now, he’s in this place and I’m in prison.’ ” For Mr. Guengueng, “this place” is a tidy,   apartment in the Bronx, one of 160 apartments in a towering public housing complex on a busy, nondescript New York City street. In the human rights world, Mr. Guengueng is a celebrity, sometimes even stopped on the street by people who recognize him when he travels across the globe. In New York, he is another face in the crowd. Mr. Guengueng first came to the United States in 2002 from his   home in Ndjamena, the capital of Chad, to accept a human rights award. He met the actor Samuel L. Jackson, cruised California’s State Route 1 along the Pacific coast in a convertible and detoured to check out     Calif. (“Très chic!” he said, eyebrows raised.) He returned to Chad, where most people live on less than $5 a day, to his job as an accountant at the Lake Chad Basin Commission, a multinational group that manages resources around the lake. His vocal activism in pursuing legal action against Mr. Habré was wearing on the commission, Mr. Guengueng said, and he lost his job. Mr. Guengueng blames his work with the commission for getting him into trouble with Mr. Habré’s government in the first place. At one point during Mr. Habré’s presidency, the commission had moved its headquarters to nearby Cameroon, and Mr. Guengueng presumes that Mr. Habré’s supporters passing through must have labeled the civil servants there political enemies. In 2005, while living in Chad, Mr. Guengueng had a tear in his retina. He had long worn   glasses because of vision problems, and he said he suspected his time in prison had aggravated his condition. Reed Brody, a former Human Rights Watch lawyer who doggedly pursued the case against Mr. Habré, arranged for Mr. Guengueng to fly to New York for medical care. He recovered in Mr. Brody’s apartment in Brooklyn, taking long walks in Prospect Park. While his eyes were healing he started hearing from friends and family members that his life might be at risk if he returned home. Mr. Habré was ousted in a 1990 coup, but he still had many supporters in Chad. With the help of Human Rights Watch, Mr. Guengueng successfully applied for asylum in America. Soon, he brought his wife and seven children to New York. Then financial troubles and bad luck set in. Mr. Guengueng was on the Human Rights Watch payroll, working on the criminal case from New York. But that work ran out. He was hired as a night watchman. But in 2007 during a stroll on the Coney Island Boardwalk, he fell and broke his leg. His recovery was long, and he lost his job. His oldest daughter supported the family with a restaurant job. But she became ill and died, leaving the family with little income. Home life was tense. Mr. Guengueng is trilingual, but English has been difficult. Taking classes has not helped. In New York, his wife felt as if she had lost her independence living in an unfamiliar place where she did not speak the language. And New York was cold. In Chad, afternoon temperatures rarely dipped below 90 degrees. Mr. Guengueng did not give up. He and some friends pooled their resources to buy a deli but lost the money when the deal fell apart. He enrolled in a course to learn medical coding and billing but could not find a job in that field. He tried driving a taxi but the work aggravated his leg, which has never been the same since the break. His wife took a babysitting course but had no space to care for children. Back in Chad, another daughter died in a fire. Mr. Guengueng was interspersing his daily tribulations with work on the Habré case, flying with Mr. Brody to courts worldwide to personally plead for justice. “He’s a hero,” Mr. Brody said. “He’s done so much to change history. Yet his    life is one of hardships and heartbreaks. ” The family moved from a friend’s home on Long Island to a tiny rental in Queens. They could not keep up with the $2, 000 a month rent and were evicted. Three and a half years ago, Mr. Guengueng’s family had to move into a homeless shelter, where they were crammed into two rooms. Determined to find something better, he practically memorized the intricacies of New York’s housing laws as he searched for   housing. Finally, in March, the family left the shelter and moved into their current apartment in the Bronx. He lives there with three of his children the others are now grown and have moved out. Most speak English, and one son, Jacob, 25, graduated from college and is an Uber driver. On a recent afternoon at Mr. Guengueng’s apartment, a film from Ivory Coast was on the television. Mr. Brody arrived to see his old friend. Mr. Guengueng insisted on pulling his dusty human rights awards and statuettes from his closet. He carefully fingered them like gemstones. Mr. Guengueng will be in court next week for the appeal, but his long obsession with the case is finished. “It’s like a psychological healing has taken place,” said Mr. Guengueng, whose face is marked by deep tribal scars. “If I had just allowed this situation to persist and had a normal life I would have felt incomplete. Like I was half a man. ” The case also was   for Mr. Brody. He left his job with Human Rights Watch this past summer and has taken on volunteer legal work for now. “We’re both unemployed,” Mr. Guengueng said, nudging Mr. Brody and laughing. Despite the hardships in New York, Mr. Guengueng calls his time in America a success. His family has health care. His children have an education. He and most of his family have become American citizens. And Mr. Guengueng is thrilled with his new apartment. “We’re in paradise now,” he said. Mr. Guengueng, who says he is too old to find a good job, spends his days shuffling between municipal offices for food stamps and housing allowances. Every once in a while, the grind is broken by a   dinner in Manhattan where he receives awards for his work. He wants to create a foundation where he can advise other victims like himself, but he has yet to find a major donor. His own hardship is over. “Now,” he said, “I think about the others. ”"
125,17427,City to Close or Merge 9 Schools That Were in Support Program - The New York Times,New York Times,Kate Taylor,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"The city’s Education Department plans to close or merge nine schools next year that are part of its   turnaround initiative, among a group of 22 schools to be closed or merged, according to a document obtained by The New York Times. Mayor Bill de Blasio came into office saying that unlike his predecessor Michael R. Bloomberg, he would support struggling schools rather than close them, and he initiated the Renewal program in 2014 to offer extra money and services for 94 of the city’s   schools. “We reject the notion of giving up on any of our schools,” Mr. de Blasio said at the time. Instead, he said, the city would infuse the schools in the program with resources, including coaches to help teachers improve their practices, new staff members to tackle problems like attendance, and social services like dental clinics or counseling. He said his administration might still end up closing schools, but he suggested that most schools would be given three years to improve. The program is now halfway through its third year. The department assigned each school a set of benchmarks in areas like attendance, graduation rate and, for elementary and middle schools, performance on state reading and math exams. But the schools have shown uneven progress. Eight schools in the program met all of their targets last year, while four schools met none, and 17 others met only one or two out of six or seven targets. Many schools in the program have also seen their enrollment decline as families shun schools labeled failing. The city previously decided to close or merge eight Renewal schools, so the latest round of closings will bring to 17 the number of schools in the program that will no longer be operating, at least as before. Six of the schools will be closed entirely: Junior High School 162 Lola Rodriguez de Tio, which had been singled out by the state as persistently failing, and whose closing was previously announced Leadership Institute, a high school Junior High School 145 Arturo Toscanini and Monroe Academy for Visual Arts and Design, all in the Bronx and Middle School 584 and the Essence School, also a middle school, in Brooklyn. The schools to be closed are all   to be sure. In the   school year, only 8 percent of the students at J. H. S. 145 passed the state reading tests, and only 3 percent passed the state’s math tests. Even so, it is not clear that they are necessarily the worst among the schools in the program. All of the six schools met at least one of the goals assigned by the city last year. Some are being closed for low enrollment as well.  The three schools in the program to be merged are the Young Scholars Academy of the Bronx, a middle school Frederick Douglass Academy IV, a high school in Brooklyn and Automotive High School in Brooklyn. All three schools already share their buildings with the schools they are being merged into, which are not in the Renewal program. The city is also proposing to merge five other pairs of schools, none of which are in the Renewal program, but many of which have struggled with academic achievement and enrollment. The Education Department declined to comment on the decision to close or merge the schools. The Bloomberg administration closed many large schools to start new, small ones. Studies have found that many small schools had positive effects on graduation rates and college enrollment. But not all the small schools were successful. The current city schools chancellor, Carmen Fariña, has shown a preference for large schools and has said that some schools were too small to be sustainable. All of the closings and mergers will have to be approved by the Panel for Educational Policy, a citywide body. Aaron Pallas, a professor of sociology and education at Columbia University’s Teachers College, said, “The fact that the city thinks that it needs to do this for six out of the roughly 80 or so left suggests that things are not going as well as they’d like. ” At the same time, he said, “If these mergers and closures result in new schools that have a new kind of energy, perhaps different staff, perhaps a different culture, that may be better than trying to continue turning around schools that have been struggling for a very long time. ”"
126,17428,Kerry Lists Obama Era’s Diplomatic Successes. (Trump Opposes Them All.) - The New York Times,New York Times,Russell Goldman,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"In an exit memorandum reflecting on eight years of United States foreign policy, Secretary of State John Kerry enumerated the Obama administration’s diplomatic accomplishments. But that record may be weakened or overturned by   Donald J. Trump, who has denigrated many of President Obama’s policies. Here is a look at how the secretary and the   see the major foreign policy issues differently. Kerry: Mr. Kerry praised the 2015 deal that the United States brokered with Iran to curtail that country’s ability to produce nuclear weapons. Mr. Kerry wrote that before the deal was struck, Iran was less than “90 days away from having the material necessary to produce one nuclear weapon,” but “today they are at least a year away. ” He wrote on Thursday, “In reaching and implementing this deal, we took a major security threat off the table without firing a single shot. ” Trump: Mr. Trump made criticism of the nuclear deal a major talking point of his foreign policy in the presidential campaign. He has called the agreement “the worst deal ever negotiated. ” At a speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee in March, he said, “My No. 1 priority is to dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran. ” Later, he said he would renegotiate the agreement. Kerry: The secretary said that the United States tried to reset relations with Russia early in President Obama’s first term, but that a series of aggressions including “unprecedented cyber intrusions,” “military intervention in Syria,” and the “illegal occupation” of Ukraine impeded that effort. Trump: Mr. Trump has made improved relations with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia a cornerstone of his future foreign policy. After American intelligence agencies provided evidence that Russians hacked Democratic National Committee systems to help tip the election in his favor, Mr. Trump criticized the reliability of the intelligence community. He has praised Mr. Putin and said he would work closely with him to combat the Islamic State. Mr. Trump also seemed to upend American nuclear weapons policy when he declared in December: “Let it be an arms race. We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all. ” Kerry: Mr. Kerry devoted a significant portion of his memo to climate change, calling it “not just a threat to the future of our planet, but a growing and immediate threat to our national security. ” He lauded an agreement struck between President Obama and President Xi Jinping of China, which bolstered a global climate agreement reached in Paris in 2015 that he called the most “ambitious, inclusive climate agreement ever negotiated. ” Trump: Mr. Trump has called climate change a “hoax,” said he would “cancel” the Paris accords and vowed to dismantle the Environmental Protection Agency “in almost every form. ” His nominee to run that agency is Scott Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney general and a close ally of the fossil fuel industry, who has led the legal battle against Mr. Obama’s   policies. Kerry: Though the Obama administration never fulfilled a promise to shutter the Guantánamo Bay detention center, Mr. Kerry wrote that ”no single action would do more to reaffirm our commitment to international human rights norms and remove a recruiting tool for terrorists than closing” the site. During Mr. Obama’s presidency, the number of detainees decreased to 59 from 242, with 20 approved for transfer. Trump: In a message posted to Twitter on Tuesday, Mr. Trump wrote: “There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield. ” Kerry: “It would be a moral failing of the highest caliber to turn our backs on those in need  —   including and especially from countries like Syria and Iraq,” Mr. Kerry wrote, adding that the United States had a “profound responsibility to help refugees. ” Trump: After the terrorist attack in San Bernardino, Calif. in December 2015, Mr. Trump called for “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. ” Later in the campaign, he said: “We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place. ”"
127,17429,"Friday Mailbag: Taunts, Hoaxes, Anonymity and Stealth - The New York Times",New York Times,Liz Spayd with Evan Gershkovich,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"We hope you got some rest over the holidays, but it’s clear from our mailbox that you remained sharp and attentive readers. We will address a few of those complaints first, before turning to this week’s topics. A   Social Q’s column, which administers lighthearted advice about awkward social situations, addressed what an adult should do when one child taunts another at a holiday party. The specific taunt in question, which was directed toward a Latina girl, was this: “Pack your bags. Trump is going to send you back to Mexico. ” The headline on the column? “Should I Stay Silent During One Child’s Populist Taunt of Another?” Readers took issue with the description of the taunt. The author of the column, Philip Galanes, took the time to reply to a reader who wrote to him directly. Shortly before the new year, an ad ran on a Times story that left some readers befuddled. The ad was indeed a hoax, and readers who realized this have asked The Times to address the issue. Indeed, such ads do seem to find their way onto the Times website occassionally, as a public editor column explained in November, but we asked Sebastian Tomich, senior vice president for advertising and innovation, to comment once more. Here’s his response: An hour into the new year, tragedy struck in Turkey when a gunman attacked an Istanbul nightclub. The lead byline on The Times’s story was anonymous  —   “an Employee of The New York Times”  —   and readers had theories as to why. The public editor’s take: We’ve received several letters asking about the unusual byline. The international editor, Michael Slackman, said he’s not in position to comment but I suspect you are hinting at the right issues in your letter. From my experience, it is not uncommon to use a generic byline when the security of journalists may be at risk, or when a widespread team of editors and reporters is assembling a deadline story. But I’m only speaking for myself, not the paper. Just last week, a Wall Street Journal reporter was detained by Turkish officials for three days and held in isolation. The same story caught readers’ attentions for other reasons, too. Initially, the story reported that the single gunman may have been as many as three gunmen, and they were wearing Santa Claus suits, an image which stayed with readers. The Times, however, never appended a correction to the story nor added a note explaining the change. We asked Slackman about this. Here’s his response: The public editor’s take: Time for me to make my plug again for attaching notes to stories that undergo a notable change from a previous edition. This wasn’t just a routine change in a rapidly unfolding story. It was a rather dramatic visual  —   a team of men in Santa Claus suits firing into the crowd. If that turned into one man dressed like the crowd, as later stories suggest, isn’t it more transparent just to flag that? Another reader raised an issue that will hopefully be addressed in the new year. We asked Alexandra MacCallum, who oversees Times video, for an answer. She told us that while some videos have text overlay, which editors add manually, an automated closed caption system is in the works this year. As trust in the media falters, a reader has taken a stand, one friend at a time. He wrote us to ask for our aid in his mission. We, of course, pointed him to their location on the web, and if you have any upcoming debates, too, you can find The Times’s standards and ethics here. Good luck, and see you next week."
128,17430,Dozens of Inmates Killed as Prison Violence Escalates in Brazil - The New York Times,New York Times,Simon Romero,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Some of the inmates were beheaded. Others had their hearts torn from their bodies. Gang leaders used the blood of their victims to write a nightmarish message of retribution: “Blood is paid for with blood. ” The harrowing scenes on Friday from the latest prison riot in Brazil, in which 31 inmates were killed in the northern state of Roraima in the Amazon River Basin, pushed the death toll to 93 in six days of mayhem in penitentiaries around the country. The bloodshed has shocked the country and is emerging as the most pressing crisis facing President Michel Temer, whose beleaguered government was already grappling with graft scandals, a weak economy and simmering anger over austerity measures. “The bloodshed is revealing a war between drug gangs, a failed prison system and a weak government,” said Rafael Alcadipani, a scholar who specializes in public security policies at Fundação Getúlio Vargas, a leading Brazilian university. “And now the horror is spreading. ” Prison violence that has spilled out into neighboring communities has been a perennial problem in Brazil. In 2006, street fighting between the police and First Capital Command, a   gang, left almost 200 people dead in São Paulo, causing chaos in the city of 20 million people. The killings in Roraima came just days after 56 men were killed in a massacre at a prison in the city of Manaus. In two different riots at prisons this week in the states of Amazonas and Paraíba, six men were also killed. The violence at the Monte Cristo Agricultural Penitentiary in Boa Vista, the capital of Roraima, adds to fears about an intensifying war between drug gangs for control of the cocaine trade in the Amazon region in Brazil. The latest episode is thought to involve fighting between First Capital Command, commonly known by its Portuguese initials, P. C. C. which has roots in the prisons of São Paulo in southeastern Brazil, and supporters of Red Command, a drug trafficking organization that has long held sway in Rio de Janeiro. The authorities, however, tried to play down the possibility that warring gangs were to blame. The gangs, which operate inside prisons as well as on the streets of many Brazilian cities, are battling for supremacy over the trade in cocaine smuggled into Brazil across the porous Amazonian frontier from countries like Bolivia, Colombia and Peru. Family of the North, an increasingly influential gang in the Amazon that has allied itself with Red Command, was responsible for the attack at the prison in Manaus, massacring dozens of rivals from the P. C. C. gang. The attack had been planned for months, according to text messages intercepted by intelligence agents. Mr. Temer, the president, has been chided for what some have called a   response to the crisis. He said nothing for two days about the killings in Manaus, before calling them a “dreadful accident” and seeking to deflect blame from public agencies because a private contractor runs the prison there. Just months after emerging victorious in the battle to impeach his predecessor, Dilma Rousseff, Mr. Temer is grappling with calls from some of his own allies to resign. In an effort to defend himself, he sent a message Thursday on Twitter listing synonyms for the word “accident”  —   tragedy, loss, disaster, disgrace and misfortune. Although the Manaus riot has fueled a debate over whether management of some prisons should be handed to private companies, the violence in Roraima casts scrutiny directly on state officials. The Boa Vista prison, which is run by the state, has a long history of deadly riots and inmate escapes. The prison was built for 700 inmates but currently holds about 1, 400. Carlos Paixão de Oliveira, a prosecutor in Roraima, publicly criticized the management of the facility in October, when inmates from the P. C. C. gang killed at least 10 rivals from Red Command. Mr. Oliveira suggested at the time that the prison should be demolished and replaced. “If they want, the inmates will carry out a new slaughter in there, because no one has control of that prison,” he said. Despite the writing in blood on Friday proclaiming the supremacy of the P. C. C. the authorities contended that the latest killings did not involve   between gangs but a power struggle within the P. C. C. itself, or an effort to project power by the gang. “We’ve been on guard about something like this for some time, transferring prisoners from Red Command to other units,” said Uziel Castro, the top security official in Roraima. “We think this had to do with an internal battle. ” Either way, the scenes from the Roraima penitentiary offered an unsettling reminder of how the bloodshed in the country’s prisons is a problem that has been building for decades, revealing a system hobbled by corruption, overcrowding and mismanagement. Human rights groups compare the current string of uprisings to the Carandiru prison massacre in 1992 in São Paulo, when the police stormed the facility and killed 111 inmates. An appeals court recently voided the convictions of 73 police officers for their participation in the killings. The problems in Brazil’s prisons that led to earlier episodes of carnage have intensified with the growing drug trade, security experts say. Brazil’s prison population has swelled this century as the authorities lock up more people on minor drug offenses. Brazil now has a prison population exceeding half a million, with about 40 percent of detainees awaiting trial. Drug gangs that originated in prisons are expanding their sway and battling one another for territorial control of the trade. “This war between the criminal factions is worsening,” said Antonio Cláudio Mariz de Oliveira, a former security official in São Paulo. “The problem is largely a result of the lack of attention towards the prison system, both by the government and the public. ” “People only react when there’s an episode like this,” said Mr. Mariz de Oliveira. “Then they forget about it until the next one. ” Indeed, some elected officials have expressed the hardened views held by   voters. José Melo, the governor of Amazonas State, said “there were no saints” among the dozens of inmates killed in the state’s prisons this week, calling the victims murderers, rapists or gang members. At the same time, officials in Mr. Temer’s administration have tried to play down the prison crisis. “The situation is not out of control,” said Justice Minister Alexandre de Moraes."
129,17431,"In Sweden, Happiness in a Shorter Workday Can’t Overcome the Cost - The New York Times",New York Times,Liz Alderman,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"A controversial experiment with a   workday in one of Sweden’s largest cities wrapped up this week with a cheerful conclusion: Shorter working hours make for happier, healthier and more productive employees. There’s just one catch. The practice is too expensive and unwieldy to become widespread in Sweden anytime soon. The   trial, which took place in the southern city of Gothenburg, centered on a municipal retirement home where workers were switched to a   day, from eight hours, with no pay cut. Seventeen new nursing positions were created to make up for the loss of time, at a cost of around 700, 000 euros, or $738, 000, a year. Although it was small, the experiment stoked a widespread discussion about the future of work, namely whether investing in a better   balance for employees, and treating workers well rather than squeezing them, benefits the bottom line for companies and economies. “The trial showed that there are many benefits of a shorter working day,” said Daniel Bernmar, the leader of the Left party on Gothenburg’s City Council, which had pushed for the experiment. “They include healthier staff, a better work environment and lower unemployment. ” But the high price tag, and political skepticism about the practicality of a shorter workday, was likely to discourage widespread support for taking the concept nationwide. “The government is avoiding talking about the issue,” Mr. Bernmar said. “They’re not interested in looking at the bigger picture. ” While a growing number of countries and companies are studying the concept of employee happiness, the idea of improving it through shorter work hours has by no means gained broad traction. In Gothenburg, the City Council’s conservative opposition parties derided the experiment as a utopian folly and sought to kill it, citing high costs for taxpayers and arguments that the government should not intrude in the workplace. The current government is also not backing a shorter workweek. Even the handful of progressive political groups aligned with Mr. Bernmar’s Left party have not made a   workday in Sweden a priority in their platforms. Nor have large Swedish companies, including multinationals active around the world, embraced the idea. Other Swedish towns that previously conducted limited experiments with a shorter   workweek eventually abandoned the concept, citing high costs and flawed implementation. A similar model in France has been controversial for more than 15 years, ever since a Socialist government made a   workweek mandatory. François Fillon, a conservative politician who is considered the   to become France’s new president in elections this May, has vowed to kill it if he wins. Companies of all sizes in France have complained repeatedly that the short workweek requirement has damaged competitiveness and generated billions in additional costs. French unions defend the measure as protecting workers from employers who might otherwise return to more onerous workplace conditions. Still, some large companies are beginning to explore the argument that happy workers may make better, more productive employees. Amazon, Google and Deloitte recently began experiments to compress the   week into four days for some employees. Amazon, which has come under fire for encouraging employees to work long hours, announced last summer that it would test a   workweek for a small group of employees and managers, giving them 75 percent of their current pay but leaving them with the same benefits as other workers. In the experiment at the Gothenburg retirement home, employees reported working with greater efficiency and energy when their hours were cut to six from eight a day. They called in sick 15 percent less than before and perceived their health to have improved at least 20 percent, according to a preliminary review issued last year. At a nearby municipal retirement home, where a control trial left working conditions unchanged, employees reported increased blood pressure and said they perceived no improvement in their health, peace of mind or alertness, the review showed. A final report is scheduled to be released in March. The program increased Gothenburg’s costs by 22 percent, mostly to pay for new employees. But around 10 percent was offset by reduced costs to the state from people being taken off the unemployment rolls and paying taxes into the system, rather than receiving state subsidies, Mr. Bernmar said. Modest experiments are moving ahead in a handful of small towns in Sweden, mostly in the public health care sector, to see if the results from Gothenburg can be duplicated. This year, four additional Swedish municipalities are expected to start research programs. A small but growing number of private Swedish companies, mainly technology   are also dabbling with the concept, following the lead of some established companies, including a Toyota service center in Gothenburg that has successfully operated on a   day for more than a decade. The bigger issue, Mr. Bernmar argues, is whether policy makers are willing to explore a connection between human happiness and health and productivity. Despite arguments that governments have no business in setting happiness as a public policy goal, leaders in several countries, including Italy, Japan and Qatar, are increasingly paying attention to the concept. The question, Mr. Bernmar added, was “should we work to live, not live to work?”"
130,17432,How to Pounce on Best Credit Card Offers (Before Banks Pull Them) - The New York Times,New York Times,Ron Lieber,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"While many of us weren’t paying attention, some credit card   bonuses became so   large that the analysts at Bernstein Research wondered in November if the industry was afflicted with temporary insanity. One particular bit of madness  —   a Chase offer that effectively puts $1, 500 in your pocket without a lot of effort, if you are a relatively big spender  —   is close to ending, and many people have just a few more days to take advantage of it. But the mere existence of   bonuses on top of the points and perks that come with everyday spending raises a number of questions for consumers. Even if you thought you had had enough of   to get the best deals, shouldn’t you at least grab those 15   bills if you have the means? Or might the offers actually get better? And is it time to bet against the stocks of the maniac bankers who are tossing around offers like this? CHASE, TODAY? First things first: That giant bonus comes from the Chase Sapphire Reserve card. Here’s how it works (and don’t confuse it with the similarly named Preferred card): If the bank accepts your application, you have three months to spend $4, 000. Once you do, Chase hands over 100, 000 of its proprietary rewards points. Then you can trade them for $1, 500 worth of travel, as long as you book your flights or rooms through Chase. The card has a $450 annual fee, but it gives back $300 of it each year once you purchase at least that amount in travel. It also gives out a generous amount of points  —   three per dollar spent  —   on travel and dining. Plus, you can swap points for miles on many airlines if you want to take your chances with seat availability in those reward schemes. Other perks include access to some airport lounges and a rebate for fees you pay for TSA PreCheck, the expedited security screening, or Global Entry, which speeds international returns. In cardland, any offer this lucrative tends not to last. This week, Chase said it would cut the   bonus in half for anyone who applied online after Jan. 12 or in a branch (which isn’t possible for people in parts of the country where there are no Chase branches) after March 12. To be safe, the company suggests applying online by Jan. 11, before it flips the switch the next day. Why the change of heart on a product Chase introduced last summer? The company always said the bonus was an introductory offer, and the bank’s generosity led to a $200 million to $300 million hit to its earnings. So the window on a good thing is partly closing. So should you take advantage of it while you can? My wife and I both have done it and are glad we did. It has required some mental energy to channel the right amount of spending away from our current card and track the new bills so we don’t end up paying late. But there is nothing that focuses the mind quite like feeling that you are beating the system. This feeling of superiority may be delusional, given the amount of research that suggests that we pay more when we put things on plastic than when we pay with cash. But I consider myself above average in this regard, as we all probably do. Another big question: Does it make sense to stick with the Chase card, or ditch it after the bonuses clear? One useful exercise is to run your spending patterns (which your card company’s website ought to be able to divide into categories like dining, travel and groceries) through creditcardtuneup. com to compare the results with those of a number of leading rewards cards. It’s a great tool, but the site’s operator has its own opinions about how much a Chase point is worth versus the Starwood points that I collect on my primary American Express card. Your mileage may vary if you, say, swap Chase or Starwood points for   miles and then redeem them for $10, 000   plane tickets to a faraway country. Think about your goals for the next couple of years and evaluate accordingly. In our household, we are reserving judgment. That is (in part) because Starwood is in the middle of being acquired by Marriott, which faces the challenging task of combining two loyalty programs without driving away   frequent travelers. Sometime in the next year or so, we will find out what it is going to do. Standard disclaimers apply here, as always. Don’t carry a balance, since interest charges will generally eat up the value of the rewards and then some. Also, applying for too many cards in a short time could hurt your credit score a bit. IS THE MADNESS CATCHING? Gordon Smith, the chief executive of consumer and community banking at Chase, spent more than 25 years working at American Express, and it was plainly obvious that the bank was aiming Sapphire Reserve squarely at the Amex Platinum card. Indeed, less than two months after the Chase card appeared in August, Amex issued a news release announcing new benefits for Platinum card holders. Here is what it didn’t do, though: offer a   bribe to every new customer who wanted one of its cards. Its standard online offer is currently 40, 000 of its own proprietary points, which are 10, 000 fewer than what Chase’s new, lower bonus will be. (Yes, it’s hard to compare the value of different reward currencies, but these two aren’t that far apart, and many consumers never make the distinction and assume they are the same anyhow.) Some American Express customers have been luckier, though. Card industry bloggers report that the company has sometimes made targeted bonus offers of 100, 000 or even 150, 000 points. Leah Gerstner, an American Express spokeswoman, noted that the company had been in the premium card market for more than three decades, implying that it knew a thing or two about appropriate competitive responses to the latest shiny thing. “What’s worked for us is a mix of targeted   bonuses combined with a range of premium benefits and services,” Ms. Gerstner said. She added that the company had issued “record levels of new cards” while delivering “sustainable” economics to the company. In their report in November, the Bernstein Research analysts dangled the tantalizing possibility that American Express might begin some kind of price war, throwing its own   bonuses and privileges at customers. Now that Chase has lowered its   bonus, however, Kevin J. St. Pierre, a Bernstein managing director, thinks the chances of that are low. “They have inertia on their side, with a   customer base that is generally satisfied with their product and very satisfied with the service,” he said. “So how much do they need to tweak to defend that?” PITY NOT THE POOR BANKERS Shareholders (and consumers who are determined to be the least profitable customers of thriving, generous banks) probably shouldn’t panic about the ramifications of the banks’ largess at this point. Chase would not comment about the performance of Sapphire Reserve, owing to the requirement to stay silent before its coming earnings announcement. Still, it almost certainly modeled the possibility that some people would spend their   bonus and then stop using the card. The card’s   profitability will depend largely on what percentage of cardholders carry a balance  —   and how much and for how long. Mr. St. Pierre said he didn’t lose much sleep over a single,   card offering from a bank of this size. “They are so large that they can afford to experiment,” he said. “A few hundred million in any quarter is a cost of doing business, and they’ll use it, learn from it and improve the product from their perspective and move on. ” Citi’s own plastic pushers have already done a bit of this. Its competing Prestige card reduced some perks several months back, though it kept a    hotel benefit. “Our strategic focus is delivering products and experiences that create long, lasting relationships,” said Chris Fred, head of proprietary products for Citi’s cards unit. Bonus chasers and   card churners, it seems, are not particularly welcome. Still, the banks face an existential crisis of sorts. A generation of young adults grew up on debit cards, and banks are going to have to do something to get the millions of them who don’t need to carry a balance to switch to credit anyway. There aren’t a lot of great ways to do it other than throwing   bonuses and perks at them. The rest of us can keep an eye on the bonus offers via blogs like The Points Guy and View From the Wing or on forums like FlyerTalk and Reddit’s   pages. Then  —   when the going gets as good as it’s gotten in recent months and we want to go on a free vacation  —   we can sweep in and gleefully pick off the juiciest offers of all."
131,17433,‘I Thought I Was Impervious to Scams’: Readers Denounce India’s Phone Swindlers - The New York Times,New York Times,Hanna Ingber,2017-01-20,2017.0,1.0,,"Mel Craig’s    father has been tormented over the past year by swindlers calling him at home, threatening him if he did not send them more money. “Returned after a   trip to find receipts on the table for $300 worth of iTunes cards,” wrote Ms. Craig, a New York Times commenter in Washington, D. C. “Dad doesn’t even know what iTunes is. ” More than 1, 000 readers responded to Ellen Barry’s recent article on a call center in India that is being investigated for fraud against Americans. Many of the commenters, who responded on the article and on The Times’s Facebook post, said they, too, had received calls from strangers demanding payments or personal information. Some expressed sympathy for those who are conned, and others voiced anger at the criminals and a system that seems to do little to protect the vulnerable. Readers also shared their tactics for dealing with the calls. “Sometimes I give the scammer a made up credit card number one digit short of the full complement, then keep changing the sequence when they read it back,” Bruce in Cleveland wrote. “I can still make dinner while I’m doing this on speaker phone. ” Here is a selection of the responses. They have been edited and condensed.  —   Thomas E. Heines in Dallas, who has worked in information technology  —   Eric Beldoch in Ardsley, N. Y.  —   Aryan Nair via Facebook  —   Mel Craig in Washington  —   Richard Garner in Germantown Hills, Ill.  —   Thomas H. Williams in Annapolis, Md.  —   AMM in New York  —   Evelyn in Orlando  —   Ellen D. Murphy in Portland, Me.  —   Jeff in the Slope in New York  —   MNW in Connecticut  —   Joan Morrissey via Facebook  —   Ken in Mont Vernon, N. H.  —   Mary Ann Hymel in Bellevue, Wash.  —   Elizabeth in Washington  —   Crystal Means via Facebook  —   Mosselyn in Silicon Valley"
132,17434,"For Millennials, It’s Never Too Early to Save for Retirement - The New York Times",New York Times,Zach Wichter,2017-02-14,2017.0,2.0,,"You have probably heard it yourself: the impression that millennials are financial freewheelers. The theory goes that today’s   or   spend with little regard for savings and even less regard for retiring. Retirement planning experts say that this assumption isn’t entirely accurate  —   though it is perennially true that most young adults don’t make retirement savings a financial priority. But, as the experts point out, millennials are in an ideal position to get started, because whatever they set aside will grow and accrue interest greatly over time. “The value of compounding means you’ll have to contribute less later,” said Maria Bruno, a senior investment strategist at Vanguard, the investment management company. She recommends that people open retirement accounts as early as they can  —   that way, the savings have more time to build and be reinvested. Eventually, the interest an account accrues will begin to earn interest of its own. The New York Times spoke to five people in the   to    age group, a small sample of millennial savers. Two experts from the retirement division of Prudential Financial offered advice and feedback on each person’s profile. Though advice differed based on the individual situation, advisers across the spectrum were consistent on two broader points: ■ Young investors should take advantage of Roth retirement fund options. Roth funds, which include individual retirement accounts and 401( k)’s, differ from traditional retirement accounts in that contributions are made after tax once money is invested, earnings and withdrawals are  . ■ Younger workers should contribute at least as much as an employer is willing to match in a 401( k) or similar program. With this advice in mind, read a snapshot of millennials at various stages of retirement planning. Mr. LaCasse doesn’t see himself jetting off to exotic destinations at the end of his career, but he does hope to have some financial security and independence. He makes about $52, 000 a year and contributes 4 percent of every paycheck to a 403( b) account  —   a retirement account primarily for teachers. His school does not match his contributions, but he did receive an initial,   contribution of $1, 200. He currently has about $6, 000 in a savings account he doesn’t touch, and he puts away a little from every paycheck. Though he would like to save more, Mr. LaCasse worries that he is not in a secure enough position to do so. “There’s kind of a feeling of short term versus long term, and unfortunately the short term comes first  —   I need to cover my    expenses,” he said. “The long term takes a major back seat. ” For one thing, student loan repayments (of nearly $500 a month) represent about a fifth of his monthly expenses and hinder his ability to squirrel away more.  THE ADVICE Stephanie Sherman, a certified financial planner at Prudential, said that Mr. LaCasse might be able to restructure his student loans to give himself more breathing room. “If he has a great credit score, he can refinance them and make the same payment and pay them off quicker, or free up more money for savings,” she said. Mr. LaCasse said he had already considered refinancing and was thinking about it more seriously after hearing Ms. Sherman’s advice. “The process seems so daunting, and it keeps getting pushed aside,” he said. “Now I feel more motivated to do it. ” If she is able to break into theater or film, Ms. Craven would like to keep working for a lifetime. “As an actor, I’m going to want to tell stories and do that as long as I can,” she said. Even so, she hopes by her late 60s or early 70s to prioritize family time and traveling. Though she has never had a job with retirement benefits, she would be comfortable putting aside 5 to 10 percent of her $45, 000 income on her own. She already has $7, 500 in savings, but not in a formal retirement account. Her main concern is seasonal fluctuations in her salary that could derail a   savings plan. “I’m in a very busy season for work right now, so I’m making more money, but once the tourists go away, it’ll be back to scraping by,” Ms. Craven said. THE ADVICE Ms. Craven said she felt she wasn’t doing enough to save for retirement, but the experts saw things differently. “Mollie sounds like she has it all together,” Ms. Sherman said, noting how much she already has in savings. She didn’t deny that seasonal income fluctuations were a challenge, but said that there were many ways to plan around them. She suggested that Ms. Craven find a financial adviser to develop a personalized strategy and perhaps open an independent retirement account. Ms. Sherman also explained that many people in the entertainment field built retirement benefit credits through organizations that they worked for, but that these benefits were not always well advertised to contractors. Ms. Craven said that she was fairly certain she had not accrued retirement credits through her performances, but was interested in finding an adviser and considering a formal retirement account. “It does seem disheartening that the savings account that I have just sits there and doesn’t grow hardly at all, maybe a cent every month or so,” she said. “I’d love to put some of that away and not touch it. ” Although he has worked at his current company, Redwood Logistics, for more than three years, Mr. Ruger has been hesitant to invest in its 401( k). “It’s such a millennial thing, but I don’t want to have to commit to a job,” he said. His career goal is to wind up on Broadway. And while he does some singing gigs on the side, the older he gets, the less likely he figures he is to start a   acting career. He doesn’t have a definite vision for his retirement, either. “If I’m being totally honest, I never saw myself as having that option,” Mr. Ruger said. He has a few thousand dollars in a checking account, but no specific savings. He also has a lot of college debt. “We’re paying off these crazy student loans with these crazy interest rates,” Mr. Ruger said. “Stuff that requires money  —   like houses and cars and retirement  —   are not in the cards. We can just pay off the interest on our student loans and our rent, and work until we die. ” Further on the topic of his company’s 401( k) Mr. Ruger said he was unsure how the plan worked and worried about losing his investment if he ever left the job. THE ADVICE Crystal Vacura, a retirement counselor at Prudential, said that Mr. Ruger’s feelings were not uncommon: Many people are hesitant to invest in a 401( k) for reasons like procrastination or confusion. She pointed out to Mr. Ruger that 401( k) contributions could usually stay invested in the original fund or could roll over into new accounts if he switched employers or went freelance. She also suggested that Mr. Ruger put aside all of the earnings from his singing gigs into a dedicated savings account: If he is really not comfortable with a   401( k) he should consider opening an I. R. A. she said. Mr. Ruger particularly liked Mrs. Vacura’s suggestion of investing the money he earned from singing, and said that if he had to choose between a 401( k) and an I. R. A. “I’d go with getting my act together and opening a retirement account through my job, because they offer one, and it’s ridiculous that I haven’t done that yet. ” As a state employee, Ms. King is eligible to invest in the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System, and she anticipates staying with her employer for the duration. “I hope to retire at some point  —   my expectation is, after 30 years of service,” she said. “Because I am working for a public institution, 30 years is pretty much the standard. ” She has been in her current role for only three years, but was able to start contributing to Opers (the acronym for the Ohio retirement system) as a student employee and already has $15, 000 in her account. Though she has no other formal savings, Ms. King owns a house and contributes 10 percent of her $   salary to the account, with the university contributing an additional 14 percent. Ms. King is paying off student loans but expects to be   by the end of the winter, at which point she will be able to diversify her savings plan and increase her contributions by as much as 25 or 50 percent. THE ADVICE “Cherita certainly seems   on paying off her student loans,” Ms. Sherman said. “She also seems very focused on redirecting that to increasing her retirement savings. ” Ms. Sherman and Ms. Vacura agreed that Ms. King was in a good position for retirement, though they recommended that she open a separate “rainy day” savings account. Ms. King said the rainy day fund was her next priority after paying off her student loans. And she was happy her efforts had won good reviews. “It’s validating to hear that people who know about finance are saying I’m on the right track,” she said. Ms. Hamilton has been planning for her retirement since she was 17. “I took a class in high school, and they showed me the building of compounding interest,” she said. That prompted her to get a weekend job and put her earnings into an I. R. A. which has grown to about $30, 000. She also has a separate 401( k) through her employer, with a similar amount invested. “I want to work really hard now and save really hard so I can travel the world and not have to worry about finances” in retirement, Ms. Hamilton said. Her husband is a strong partner in her savings plan. When they married last year, they agreed to live on a single income and put the rest into savings: They already have more than $100, 000. Ms. Hamilton is very reluctant to touch her primary income for anything beyond basic necessities. When the time came to buy new furniture, she got a weekend job at Restoration Hardware to cover the expense. THE ADVICE Ms. Sherman of Prudential said that while Ms. Hamilton would seem to be a model of thrift, she could be even more proactive, perhaps by buying life insurance or opening a   retirement savings plan. “Really start to address the things that could derail your retirement, as you’re a fabulous saver,” she suggested. Ms. Hamilton said that her personal financial adviser gave similar feedback and that she was encouraged to be receiving such consistent advice about reaching her goals. “I may not make a million dollars a year, but I feel like I can one day hopefully have a retirement that’s comparable,” she said."
133,17435,Four Movies You Should Know About Before the Golden Globes - The New York Times,New York Times,Wesley Morris and Jenna Wortham,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"Last month, about 50 new movies opened in New York and Los Angeles. Some, like a Robert De Niro vehicle called “The Comedian,” showed up in one or a handful of theaters to qualify for Oscar consideration. Some showed up everywhere. (Hi, “Assassin’s Creed. ” Hello, “Rogue One. ”) Who’s got time to see them all? But just in time for Sunday’s Golden Globes broadcast, we plucked four movies from the glut to discuss on “Still Processing”: “Fences,” directed by and starring Denzel Washington the    romance “Passengers,” with Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt the Los Angeles romantic musical “La La Land,” starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling and “Patriots Day,” about the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing, starring a bunch of people but especially Mark Wahlberg. Jenna calls that one “the perfect movie for our time. ” We like a couple. We’re mixed on another. And one we   hate. That’s life  —   at the movies, anyway. We also had to take a minute to express our heartfelt sympathies for  —   and total bafflement about  —   Mariah Carey’s New Year’s Eve debacle: so uncomfortable, so funny, so, so her. From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a preloaded app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “Still Processing” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a preloaded app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for “Still Processing” and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode."
134,17436,"A Young Mother’s Solitary, Uphill Struggle - The New York Times",New York Times,John Otis,2017-01-05,2017.0,1.0,,"Without warning, Tyrell Williams’s mood shifts from gleeful to morose. Consumed by his action figures one moment, Tyrell, 4, will abruptly set them down, start sobbing and complain to his mother how much he needs his father. “Obviously I want to cry with him, but I don’t,” his mother, Myasia Williams, 23, said. “I stay strong and I just speak to him. I say, ‘Daddy’s away and he loves you. He misses you very much. ’” She will not explain to him that his father, who is also named Tyrell Williams, is in prison. That conversation must be between father and son, reserved for a future date. Mr. Williams is serving time for attempted murder and is set to be released in 2041. Mrs. Williams said his crime has not changed her love for him, though it has caused her to lose relationships with other people in her life who question why she is loyal to a man behind bars. They don’t understand the depth of the love she has for him, she said. They met while attending Martin Luther King Jr. High School in Manhattan. She noticed his kindness toward her friends. Once they began dating, she felt a sense of belonging she had never experienced. “At the time we met, I was at a rough place when it came to my family, and his family came to me with open arms,” she said. “They really took care of me. ” Mr. Williams was arrested in 2011. He spent the next few years out on bail and the couple spent even more time together, and she gave birth to Tyrell Jr. Mr. Williams was convicted in July 2015. That October, the couple married at the Rikers Island jail complex. The ceremony was held in a small room, under the supervision of two corrections officers. Another inmate and his wife served as the witnesses. “After we said, ‘I do,’ we only got five minutes to sit there and talk to each other,” Mrs. Williams said. “I was not happy at all. But I was happy I got married. ” Mrs. Williams, alone raising their son, had limited career options. When she became pregnant, she dropped out of high school and thought that Mr. Williams would provide for the family. “When he got taken away from us, I could have been more prepared,” she said. “Instead, I have to start all over in my life. ” To improve her job prospects, Mrs. Williams enrolled in test preparation classes at the Next Generation Center for the high school equivalency diploma exam. The center is operated by the Children’s Aid Society, one of the eight agencies supported by The New York Times’s Neediest Cases Fund. A year ago, the organization used $400 from the Neediest Cases Fund to help Mrs. Williams buy winter clothing for herself and Tyrell. Mrs. Williams and Tyrell live in the Bronx in an overcrowded apartment shared with six other relatives. Finding work has not been as easy as Mrs. Williams had hoped. She has a temporary job at a postal office in Flushing, Queens. She said she needed a college degree to have more career options, so she is working toward a practical nursing certificate at Mildred Elley, a   career and technical college. She feels guilty whenever she has to leave Tyrell in the care of her sisters or godparents when heading off to school or work, especially at times where he pleads with her not to leave him like Daddy did. “I always talk to him and try to explain to him ‘This is what I’m doing,’” she said. “‘I’m doing this so you can have your own room, you can have this, you can have that.’ I don’t know if he’s too young to understand, but I know he’ll eventually understand. ” Mrs. Williams said she lived by her phone, and talked to her husband almost every day. The thought of not being able to answer is its own source of stress. “If I miss a call, I miss a chance to speak to him,” she said. “And if I’m at work or at school, Tyrell can’t talk to him. ” Once every few months, Mrs. Williams and Tyrell Jr. travel by bus, to the Clinton Correctional Facility to visit Mr. Williams. The journey takes six hours one way to nearby Plattsburgh, and then they must take a cab. Their son recognizes police officers, Mrs. Williams said, but doesn’t grasp that they are visiting a prison. She hopes that her husband will be able to appeal and one day be granted an early release. Then they can make a life for themselves in Central New York. The family spent some time in Syracuse while Mr. Williams was awaiting trial. He has relatives there. “I loved it,” Mrs. Williams said. “It’s different. You come outside and everyone wants to say hi and give you a smile. When you come here, and have a smile on your face, it’s ‘What are you looking at? ’” She has another dream as well, and this one might never be realized. “I want more kids, but I don’t want to have them while he’s in there,” Mrs. Williams said. “That’s not going to work. I’m not having a child in that situation. I feel guilty for even having my son, knowing that eventually something was going to happen. ” Motherhood, in addition to her long hours of work and school, is already a lot to juggle, and she admits, despite her best efforts, she doesn’t always do so with aplomb. But she says she won’t stop trying. ”I’m trying to get it together,” Mrs. Williams said. “It’s not together at all. ”"
135,17439,Trump Calls for Closer Relationship Between U.S. and Russia - The New York Times,New York Times,Nicholas Fandos,2017-01-08,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   A day after the release of a damning intelligence report on Russia’s   efforts to influence the American election,   Donald J. Trump called on Saturday for a closer relationship between the two nations, saying only “stupid” people or “fools” would think this was unwise. The United States, Mr. Trump wrote in a series of Twitter messages Saturday morning, has “enough problems around the world without yet another one. ” He pledged that Russia would “respect us far more than they do now” after he is sworn in as president, and said that the two nations could perhaps work together on the international stage. For years, Russia has been anything but a willing partner of the United States. Relations became strained well before the   cyberattacks began nearly a year and a half ago, despite the Obama administration’s early effort to reset relations. After Russia’s intrusion into Ukraine and its annexation of Crimea in 2014, the United States and its allies levied broad sanctions against the Russian economy and blacklisted dozens of its citizens, including some close to the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin. President Obama added to those measures last month in retaliation for the hacking, expelling 35 suspected Russian intelligence operatives from the United States and imposing sanctions on two Russian intelligence services. Russia and the United States have also often been at odds over Moscow’s involvement in the war in Syria. Senior intelligence officials briefed Mr. Trump on their findings on Russian election interference on Friday, before releasing a declassified report that concluded that Mr. Putin had “ordered” a sprawling campaign intended to denigrate Hillary Clinton and aid Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump has consistently dismissed the intelligence agencies’ conclusions as politically motivated, but he appeared to soften that stance in a statement his transition team released after the briefing. He also seemingly conceded Russian involvement in the election, but he has taken pains to point out that there is no evidence that any vote tallies were altered, apparently seeking to avoid the suggestion that his victory was illegitimate. Mr. Trump has said repeatedly that it is time to “move on” from the focus on Russian meddling in the election, arguing that it has received such attention only because Democrats are embarrassed about their loss  —   an assertion he repeated on Twitter on Saturday. Late on Friday, he blamed the Democratic National Committee for the hacking of its computer systems, saying that “gross negligence” had allowed it to happen. Many Democrats said on Twitter that Mr. Trump was essentially engaging in  ."
136,17441,Senate Confirmation Hearings to Begin Without All Background Checks - The New York Times,New York Times,Jennifer Steinhauer and Eric Lichtblau,2017-01-08,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   As Senate Republicans embark on a flurry of confirmation hearings this week, several of Donald J. Trump’s appointees have yet to complete the background checks and ethics clearances customarily required before the Senate begins to consider   nominees. Republicans, who are expected to hold up to five hearings on Wednesday alone, say they simply want to ensure that the new president has a team in place as soon as possible. “I believe all the  ’s cabinet appointments will be confirmed,” Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, said. But Democrats are calling for the process to be slowed and for the hearings to be spread out. That, they say, would allow more time to vet the nominees. “Our first overarching focus is getting tax returns and ethics forms,” said Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota. In a letter to Senators Chuck Schumer of New York and Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, the leader of the Office of Government Ethics, Walter M. Shaub Jr. said on Friday that “the announced hearing schedule for several nominees who have not completed the ethics review process is of great concern to me. ” He said the packed schedule had put “undue pressure” on the office to rush its reviews of the nominees and he knew of no other occasion in the office’s four decades when the Senate had held a confirmation hearing before the review was completed. Mr. Schumer responded on Saturday by saying that the letter had made clear that the Trump transition team colluded with Senate Republicans to “jam through” the nominees. Several of the nominees are millionaires or billionaires and have vast webs of financial interests that must be untangled. The Trump transition team issued a statement on Saturday evening defending its handling of the nomination process. Richard W. Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota who served as chief ethics counsel to President George W. Bush, said he thought none of the nominees could receive a full vote on the Senate floor before the vetting was complete. Norman Eisen, Mr. Obama’s ethics counsel in his first term, said the paperwork delays were “totally  . ” The status of the background checks and ethical clearances can change by the day. Republicans say they expect the missing documents to be submitted for all the nominees eventually. The hearings are scheduled to begin on Tuesday, with testimony from Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, the nominee for attorney general, and Gen. John F. Kelly, the pick for homeland security secretary. On Wednesday, the parade of nominees is expected to include Rex W. Tillerson, the choice for secretary of state Betsy DeVos, the pick for education secretary and Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas, the nominee to lead the C. I. A. Later in the week, the billionaire investor Wilbur L. Ross Jr. chosen as commerce secretary, and Andrew F. Puzder, the labor secretary pick, are scheduled to come before congressional panels. While some of Mr. Trump’s nominees, notably Representative Tom Price of Georgia, the choice for health secretary and an ardent opponent of the Affordable Care Act, are certain to receive hostile receptions, large numbers of Democrats will probably vote for many others. Still, Democrats are preparing a furious assault against the nominees by going after the   himself and trying to drive a wedge between them over his most incendiary promises, like banning Muslim immigrants and bringing back torture. “Where will they come down?” Mr. Schumer, the new Democratic leader, asked in an interview. “Will they try to persuade the president that’s the wrong way to take America?” Democrats plan to keep the focus on the   to a degree with few historical parallels. New presidents usually serve as a backdrop this year, by contrast, Mr. Trump’s words will loom over the hearings as Democrats press the nominees to take a position on them. Democrats have little chance of blocking any of the nominees, having given up the use of the filibuster in such cases when they were in the majority, but they say Mr. Trump has handed them ample political ammunition. Mr. Sessions is certain to be asked whether he, as attorney general, would make good on Mr. Trump’s pledges to get a special counsel to “jail” Hillary Clinton over her email server. General Kelly can expect questions about whether he favors Mr. Trump’s call to build a wall on the Mexican border and create a database on Muslims. Mr. Pompeo is likely to be asked about his views on Mr. Trump’s support for waterboarding and his skepticism about the intelligence agencies’ findings on Russian election meddling. Mr. Tillerson will probably face a grilling over Mr. Trump’s vow to “cancel” the Paris climate accord. Mr. Tillerson has spent hours trying to quietly assure lawmakers that he would take a more distant stance than Mr. Trump on the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, with whom Mr. Tillerson had close relations as the head of Exxon Mobil. The Trump transition team, which did not comment on the background checks, is bracing its nominees for questions about the  ’s more controversial positions, according to people with knowledge of the preparations. But officials would not say what tack the nominees would take in responding. “I have no doubt that the   and a number of his comments will come up,” said Sarah Isgur Flores, a spokeswoman for Mr. Sessions’s confirmation team. “But Senator Sessions has a long record of service himself. ” Mr. Sessions will testify before the Judiciary Committee, which is generally friendly territory for sitting senators. But he is likely to face blistering questions from Democrats who are concerned about his civil rights record. In the 1980s, racially charged accusations derailed his nomination to a federal judgeship. Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, said she would press Mr. Sessions to say where he stood on Mr. Trump’s pledges to have a special counsel further investigate Mrs. Clinton’s emails. “Hillary’s situation is done, and other than some kind of gross retribution, there’s no reason for that to even be something to look at,” Ms. Feinstein said in an interview. By posing tough questions, said Sarah A. Binder, a political scholar at George Washington University, Democrats will try to lure the nominees into inflicting political damage on themselves by adopting some of Mr. Trump’s more divisive language. She said the terrain was so risky that the nominees might be better served by adopting a stance usually seen only from judicial nominees: “Don’t take a position. ” Democrats intend to use all the procedural moves available to slow the process on the Senate floor, possibly spending up to 30 hours per nominee, denying Mr. Trump a full cabinet when he takes office. Republicans are indignant. “Holding up confirmations just for delay’s sake is irresponsible and it is dangerous,” said Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas. He added, “This is a dangerous world we are living in, and why in the world would we want to make it even more dangerous just to let our colleagues delay for delay’s sake   Trump getting to fill his cabinet, particularly these important national security offices?”"
137,17442,"In Year Before Florida Shooting, Suspect’s Problems Multiplied - The New York Times",New York Times,"Lizette Alvarez, Frances Robles and Richard Pérez-Peña",2017-01-08,2017.0,1.0,,"FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla.  —   Signs of Esteban Santiago’s unraveling had mounted over the past year. But it was not until early November, when he walked into an F. B. I. office carrying an ammunition clip  —   leaving a pistol and his infant son in his car  —   to complain about a C. I. A. plot against him, that his behavior became disturbing enough to earn him a short stay in a psychiatric hospital unit. In the months before, the police were called repeatedly to his home about domestic disturbances, and the National Guard kicked him out because of “unsatisfactory performance” after nearly a decade of service. Mr. Santiago, an Iraq war veteran, increasingly spoke to relatives and associates about voices in his head that were tormenting him. Then, a little before 1 p. m. Friday, Mr. Santiago, 26, turned up far from his Alaska home, in Terminal 2 of the Fort   International Airport. There, law enforcement officials said, he retrieved his checked luggage, pulled a   handgun out of his suitcase and used it to kill five people and wound six others, setting off a panic that shut down the airport. After running out of ammunition, he lay   on the floor, waiting quietly to be arrested, witnesses said. Late Saturday afternoon, the United States attorney for the Southern District of Florida announced that Mr. Santiago had been arrested and charged on a federal criminal complaint “in connection with the deadly shooting of multiple victims at Fort   International Airport. ” His first court appearance was scheduled for Monday morning before a federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale. Law enforcement officials said they had not determined a motive or cause for the attack. And while they said they could not exclude the possibility of terrorism, the initial investigation suggested that Mr. Santiago had acted alone and that there was no evidence that he had terrorist ties. “It’s way too early for us to really rule out anything,” George Piro, the agent in charge of the F. B. I. ’s Miami office, said at a news conference here on Saturday. But family members said they had a pretty good idea of what led to the attack. “He said he heard certain voices, that the U. S. government wanted to enroll him in certain groups for ISIS, and he was very paranoid,” Bryan Santiago Ruiz, an older brother of Mr. Santiago’s, said in an interview on Saturday in Peñuelas, the small town in Puerto Rico where they grew up. Esteban Santiago lived in Anchorage, and Bryan Santiago said he had visited him there, most recently staying with him from August through October. “He said that the C. I. A. controlled him through secret messages over the internet and told him the things he had to do,” he recalled. It was on Nov. 7 that Esteban Santiago went to the F. B. I. office in Anchorage “to report that his mind was being controlled by U. S. intelligence agencies,” Marlin L. Ritzman, the agent in charge of the office, said on Saturday. “During the interview, Mr. Santiago appeared agitated, incoherent and made disjointed statements. ” Elaborating, a senior law enforcement official said Mr. Santiago had claimed that the C. I. A. put terrorist propaganda on his computer. F. B. I. agents called the local police, who took him to a psychiatric facility. “Santiago was having terroristic thoughts and believed he was being influenced by ISIS,” said Christopher Tolley, the Anchorage police chief, referring to the Islamic State. When Mr. Santiago went into the F. B. I. office, he left a pistol and his newborn in his vehicle, Chief Tolley said, and he had an ammunition clip in his pocket. The senior law enforcement official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the case publicly, said the gun was the same weapon used in the airport shooting on Friday. The police confiscated the gun but returned it to Mr. Santiago in December, Chief Tolley said. Bryan Santiago said his brother was held at the hospital for just a few days before being released and, as far as he knew, did not have any   treatment, like medication or therapy. The Fort Lauderdale airport reopened on Saturday, as the F. B. I. led an investigation that sprawled across the country and airport officials tried to reunite people with what they said were 20, 000 items that had been recovered from the terminal, left behind by passengers and airport workers fleeing for their lives. Esteban Santiago was born in New Jersey but was raised in Puerto Rico, where he joined the Puerto Rico National Guard in 2007 before he finished high school. A classmate said he had always wanted to be a soldier. In 2010, Mr. Santiago was deployed to Iraq for nine months, working with the 130th Engineer Battalion clearing roads of improvised explosives and maintaining bridges, according to the Alaska Army National Guard. His company was awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation. Guard officials said at least two members of the company were killed in insurgent attacks during the tour, but there is no record indicating that Mr. Santiago was ever involved in combat. Family members said Mr. Santiago was never quite the same after his return. “After Iraq, something happened,” Hernan Rivera, 70, Mr. Santiago’s uncle, said Saturday afternoon as he stood in his driveway in Union City, N. J. “When he came back from Iraq, he was a different person. ” He described his nephew as a “normal kid” who enjoyed reading. “He was a person who used to talk a lot,” Mr. Rivera said. “And then when he came back, he kept to himself, he’d go to his room, he wouldn’t talk to anybody. ” In 2014, Mr. Santiago moved to Alaska and joined the Alaska Army National Guard. He got a job as a security guard and found a girlfriend 14 years his senior. A few months ago, they had a baby a law enforcement official said it was not clear whether that was the same child that he brought with him to the F. B. I. office in November. In January 2016, the girlfriend told the police that Mr. Santiago had flown into a rage while she was using the bathroom, broke down the bathroom door and was “strangling her and smacking her in the side of the head” while screaming at her, according to a criminal complaint filed against him. A month later, he was charged with violating a court order to stay away from his girlfriend after the police found that he had been living with her again. In March, a deferred judgment was entered in the case, meaning that it could be dismissed if he stayed out of trouble, but the signs of unrest continued. Chief Tolley said that once in March and twice in October, Mr. Santiago was the subject of domestic disturbance calls, but each time, officers lacked the basis for making an arrest. In August, Mr. Santiago, who had reached the rank of private first class and had won several commendations for his earlier National Guard service  —   including the Army Good Conduct Medal  —   was discharged by the Alaska Guard for “unsatisfactory performance. ” Despite the disturbing nature of the episode with the F. B. I. in November, it did not land Mr. Santiago on any law enforcement watch lists or on the federal “ ” list. Neither did it impede his right to possess a gun. At a news conference on Saturday in Anchorage, officials with the F. B. I. and local law enforcement said that although Mr. Santiago was clearly incoherent during his encounter with F. B. I. agents, he was not deemed to be threatening. In two other mass killings, perpetrators had drawn attention from the F. B. I. before carrying out their attacks. Omar Mateen, who killed 49 people and wounded 53 others at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando in June, had fallen under F. B. I. scrutiny twice for possible ties to terrorism. And Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the older of the two brothers who carried out the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013, was interviewed by agents looking into whether he had extremist tendencies, but their investigation of him ended there. On Thursday night, Mr. Santiago boarded a flight in Anchorage, changed planes in Minneapolis on Friday morning, and flew into Fort Lauderdale. Law enforcement officials said that he had a semiautomatic handgun in his checked suitcase and that he followed all legal procedures for transporting the weapon. He went into a terminal restroom, took out the gun and loaded it, then returned to the baggage claim area and started shooting, officials said. He apparently acted alone, Agent Piro said on Saturday, and “the early indication is that there was no specific reason that he chose Fort Lauderdale International Airport, but we’re still pursuing that and trying to really determine why he came here. ” “The suspect did cooperate with the interview team,” which Agent Piro described as a joint effort by the F. B. I. and the Broward County Sheriff’s Office. “The interview went over several hours and concluded sometime this morning. ” While people who knew Mr. Santiago recently saw anger, instability and paranoia, those who knew him earlier in his life had known someone very different. Relatives and acquaintances in Puerto Rico remembered him as being quiet and shy  —   so reserved that in his hometown, Peñuelas, on the island’s southwest coast, few people knew anything about him. Workers at the barbershop, the bakery and the furniture store, and parishioners at the churches near his family’s home, said they did not know Mr. Santiago or his family at all. At the police station, officers said they did not recognize him from the photograph that has been shown repeatedly on network and cable television since his arrest. A neighbor of the family’s, Carlos Cruz, a man in his 50s who has lived in the neighborhood his entire life, said he remembered speaking with Mr. Santiago just once. Those who did recall him described him as highly intelligent, kind and very quiet, part of a somewhat nerdy group who listened to American rock rather than music in Spanish. He spoke of joining the military, seeing it as a way out of the sleepy, economically stagnant region. Rosemarie Zapata, 27, who attended middle school and high school with him, credited him with persuading her to join the Puerto Rico National Guard. At first, she failed the exam by two points, but it was Mr. Santiago who talked her into persevering and introduced her to his recruiter, she said. “He told me, ‘Study, go, they will help us pay for college, so why don’t you try it out? ’” she said. He convinced her that she could do it, saying, “You are going to defy all odds,” she recalled. Years later, she ran into him in a Walgreens parking lot, shortly after he had returned from Iraq. “He was very different,” she said in a telephone interview from Puerto Rico. “He told me: ‘You would never want to go to Iraq. I saw horrible things, horrible.’ He was very different. He was sad. ” Delia Candelario, who went to Josefa Vélez Bauzá High School with Mr. Santiago, said he played basketball with the   boys, who always followed the teachers’ orders. “He was the most peaceful of all of them,” she said. “He participated in classes and all that, but he was pretty shy. ” Another classmate, Joshua Ortiz, said Mr. Santiago was so quiet that when word got out that someone from their school had committed a massacre, hardly anyone could remember his name. Mr. Santiago and his friends were “never known to be involved in any problem or any fight during the whole time we were in school,” Mr. Ortiz said. “We wonder, how could his life have changed so much for this to have happened?” José Hernández, who taught Mr. Santiago history at the school, said: “He was brilliant and did not show any indications of being disturbed. It’s one of those strange cases. There are students who you expect mischief from, but not this one. ”"
138,17443,The Major Potential Impact of a Corporate Tax Overhaul - The New York Times,New York Times,Neil Irwin,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"The United States system for taxing businesses is a mess. If there’s one thing nearly everyone can agree upon, it is that. The current corporate income tax manages the weird trick of both taxing companies at a higher statutory rate than other advanced countries while collecting less money, as a percentage of the overall economy, than most of them. It is infinitely complicated and it gives companies incentives to borrow too much money and move operations to countries with lower tax rates. Now, the moment for trying to fix all of that appears to have arrived. With the House, Senate and presidency all soon to be in Republican hands and with all agreeing that a major tax bill is a top priority, some kind of change appears likely to happen. And it may turn out to be a very big deal, particularly if a tax plan that House Republicans proposed last summer becomes the core of new legislation. Among Washington’s lobbying shops and policy analysis crowd, it’s known as a “  cash flow tax with border adjustment. ” It’s easier to think of it as the most substantial reworking of how businesses are taxed since the corporate income tax was introduced a century ago. And it could, if enacted, have big effects not just in the tax departments of major corporations but in global financial markets and the aisles of your local Walmart. This possible revamping of the corporate tax code is less politically polarizing than the debates sure to unfold in the months ahead over health care, or even over individual income taxes. But the consequences for business  —   and for the   trajectory of the economy  —   are huge. The basic idea behind a D. B. C. F. T. (to use the abbreviation that has taken hold in a particularly nerdy corner of Twitter) is this: Right now companies are taxed based on their income generated in the United States. But there are countless tricks that corporate accountants can play to reduce the income companies report and to reduce their tax burden, and those tricks distort the economy. Two prime examples are transferring intellectual property to overseas holding companies and engaging in corporate inversions that move a company’s legal headquarters to a country with lower taxes. Moreover, because interest payments on debt are   the current system makes it appealing to take on as much debt as possible, even though that can increase the risk of bankruptcy when a downturn comes along. The House Republicans’ approach, instead of taxing the    corporate income, goes after a firm’s domestic cash flow: money that comes in from sales within the United States borders minus money that goes out to pay employees and buy supplies and so forth. There’s no incentive to play games with overseas companies that exist only to exploit tax differences or to relocate production to countries with lower taxes because you’ll be taxed on things you sell in the United States, regardless. “With an income tax, one of the key issues is ‘how do you measure income,’ ” said Alan Auerbach, an economist at the University of California, Berkeley, who is a leading advocate of the idea. “But with cash flow you just follow the money. ” And the tax, Mr. Auerbach argues, could spur business investment while not encouraging companies to rely on debt. It allows companies to enjoy the tax savings of capital investments immediately rather than depreciating them over time. And it doesn’t give favorable treatment to debt, as opposed to equity. That alone would amount to a major shift in the tax system. Congressional staff members, the incoming administration and armies of lobbyists will spend countless hours hammering out the details of any such proposal: how it might be phased in, and how to treat financial services, and much more. Some of the most complex, and politically problematic, elements of the plan revolve around its treatment of international trade, which creates winners and losers. And some of those potential losers are powerful. Consider what border adjustment means: When an American company exports goods under this new tax system, it would not pay any taxes on its international sales, while its imports would be taxed. So a company that spent $80 making something that it sold overseas for $100 would pay no tax on its earnings. A company that imported goods worth $80 from abroad and them sold them domestically for $100 would pay tax on the full $100. At first glance this looks as if it would boost exports and reduce the trade deficit. Indeed, it might prove politically promising for advocates of the strategy to pitch the plan as one that would do this. Many economists think it won’t work that way, however. That’s because as soon as a    tax with border adjustment looks likely to become law, the value of the dollar should rise in currency markets. And that stronger dollar could eliminate the apparent     effects of the tax. The dollar could rise by, say, 20 to 25 percent, and the trade balance could remain about where it started. Essentially, moving to this system means betting on a “textbook economic theory,” as analysts at Evercore ISI put it, becoming a reality even though the effect hasn’t been tested in practice. If the dollar doesn’t strengthen as expected, for example,   industries, especially those with lean profit margins, could face disaster. That helps explain why some of the stiffest opposition to this tax overhaul is coming from the retail industry. Essentially, economists are telling them “trust us, our models say the currency will adjust and it will all come out in the wash,” but if the models are wrong, for companies like Walmart, Target and many others that sell large volumes of imported goods, their viability could be threatened. If the models turn out to be right, there is a different set of risks. The United States dollar is the linchpin of the global financial system, and a large move in its value triggered by changes in domestic tax policy could have unforeseen effects. Many companies worldwide, especially banks and especially in emerging markets, have debt denominated in dollars, which would become more of a burden after a new dollar appreciation. A big dollar rise would also effectively shift trillions in wealth from American investments overseas toward global investors with assets in the United States. As Jared Bernstein of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities has noted, we don’t really know what the distributional consequences of this tax overhaul would be. It could increase the costs of imported goods that the poor spend a disproportionate portion of their income on, like clothing and gasoline. That would be bad news for poorer Americans even as it makes the overall economy more efficient. There’s still a lot of work to be done to understand the   consequences of the D. B. C. F. T. (also, work to be done to find a catchier name). But there’s a broader point about the nature of any major policy reform. The benefits of a reworked corporate tax code would emerge slowly these disruptions and costs could arrive almost instantly. No matter the outcome, 2017 will be a fascinating year in which core components of the tax system  —   with   economic consequences  —   will be up for grabs."
139,17444,Trump Insists Mexico Will Pay for Wall After U.S. Begins the Work - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael D. Shear and Emmarie Huetteman,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   As congressional Republicans on Friday discussed quickly moving ahead with plans for a southern border wall using money included in this year’s spending bills,   Donald J. Trump insisted that Mexico would ultimately pay for its construction. “We’re going to get reimbursed,” Mr. Trump said during a brief telephone interview. “But I don’t want to wait that long. But you start, and then you get reimbursed. ” The congressional Republicans’ talk led to speculation that Mr. Trump was retreating on his campaign promise to make Mexico pay for the wall. Mr. Trump insisted he is not. Republicans have balked at increases in domestic spending during the Obama administration and are unlikely to enthusiastically rally behind a proposal that could require billions of taxpayer dollars. Building a wall to keep out unauthorized immigrants could also face intense opposition from a bipartisan coalition in Congress that argues that a vast barrier along the border would be ineffective in stopping people who are determined to enter the country illegally and would represent a symbolic affront to the idea that the United States is a welcoming country that embraces immigration. In the interview, Mr. Trump vowed that Mexico would ultimately reimburse the United States. He said that payment would most likely emerge from his efforts to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with the Mexican government. “It’s going to be part of everything,” Mr. Trump said of the cost of building the wall. “We are going to be making a much better deal. It’s a deal that never should have been signed. ” But he said that the trade negotiations would take time and that he supported the idea of using taxpayer money to begin construction of the border wall “in order to speed up the process. ” The full cost of a wall as described by Mr. Trump could be enormous. Attaching such a charged issue to annual, mandatory government funding measures could instigate a risky political fight. Those who want to block money for the wall by holding up the bills could find themselves accused of shutting down the government. The Government Accountability Office has estimated it could cost $6. 5 million per mile to build a   fence, with an additional $4. 2 million per mile for roads and more fencing, according to congressional officials. Those estimates do not include maintenance of the fence along the nearly   border with Mexico. “The chairman and the committee have no interest in threatening a shutdown,” said Jennifer Hing, a spokeswoman for the House Appropriations Committee, referring to Representative Rodney Frelinghuysen, Republican of New Jersey and the committee’s new chairman. If funding for the border wall is included in spending bills this spring, it would provide money to begin construction on a barrier that was authorized by legislation passed in 2006, but was never completed. Ms. Hing said neither Mr. Trump’s transition team nor Republican leaders had asked for funding to build a wall on the Mexican border. “If and when a proposal is received, we will take a careful look at it,” she said in an email on Friday. At a rally in August in Phoenix, hours after meeting with President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico, Mr. Trump vowed that America’s southern neighbor would bear the financial burden of securing the border. “Mexico will pay for the wall, believe me  —   100 percent  —   they don’t know it yet, but they will pay for the wall,” Mr. Trump said. “They’re great people, and great leaders, but they will pay for the wall. ” In a Twitter post on Friday, Mr. Trump mocked news reports about the possible taxpayer funding of the border barrier, suggesting that Mexico would be forced to reimburse the American government for any costs incurred in building the wall. “The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed) will be paid back by Mexico later!” he wrote early Friday. Vicente Fox, who was Mexico’s president from 2000 until 2006, responded to Mr. Trump’s Twitter message with a barrage of outraged posts that became an internet talking point on their own. In one of them, he made reference to the intelligence agency reports about Russian meddling in the 2016 election. “Sr Trump, the intelligence report is devastating,” Mr. Fox said. “Losing election by more than 3M votes and in addition this. Are you a legitimate president?” Representative Chris Collins, Republican of New York and one of Mr. Trump’s liaisons on Capitol Hill, said on Friday morning that members of his party in Congress were eager to get moving on construction of a border wall, even if that meant using taxpayer money to finance it. In an appearance on the CNN program “New Day,” Mr. Collins said it should come as no surprise to anyone that the United States government would have to pay for building the wall. “Of course, we have to pay the bills,” he said. “We’re building the wall. ” As a candidate, Mr. Trump’s promise to build a wall to keep out immigrants from Mexico was one of his most powerful speaking points. He often used it at rallies to whip up his supporters and bolster his argument that illegal immigration was damaging the United States. His repeated pledge to make Mexico pay was in part a way to rebut one of the central criticisms of a border wall  —   that its cost could run into the many billions of dollars. Democrats slammed the reports that Mr. Trump would ask Congress to fund the project. “If President Trump asks Congress to approve taxpayer dollars to build a wall, which he has always said would not be paid for by U. S. taxpayers, we will carefully review the request to determine if these taxpayer dollars would be better spent on building hospitals to care for our veterans, roads and bridges to help taxpayers get to work, and for N. I. H. to find cures for cancer,” Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, the top Democrat on the Appropriations Committee, said in a statement. Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader, said she thought even Republicans might balk at spending what she said could be $14 billion on a wall. “I think that’s a heavy sell,” she said. “I think that’s a tough sell for them. ”"
140,17445,Scientists Say the Clock of Aging May Be Reversible - The New York Times,New York Times,Nicholas Wade,2017-04-14,2017.0,4.0,,"At the Salk Institute in La Jolla, Calif. scientists are trying to get time to run backward. Biological time, that is. In the first attempt to reverse aging by reprogramming the genome, they have rejuvenated the organs of mice and lengthened their life spans by 30 percent. The technique, which requires genetic engineering, cannot be applied directly to people, but the achievement points toward better understanding of human aging and the possibility of rejuvenating human tissues by other means. The Salk team’s discovery, reported in the Thursday issue of the journal Cell, is “novel and exciting,” said Jan Vijg, an expert on aging at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York. Leonard Guarente, who studies the biology of aging at M. I. T. said, “This is huge,” citing the novelty of the finding and the opportunity it creates to slow down, if not reverse, aging. “It’s a pretty remarkable finding, and if it holds up it could be quite important in the history of aging research,” Dr. Guarente said. The finding is based on the heterodox idea that aging is not irreversible and that an animal’s biological clock can in principle be wound back to a more youthful state. The aging process is clocklike in the sense that a steady accumulation of changes eventually degrades the efficiency of the body’s cells. In one of the deepest mysteries of biology, the clock’s hands are always set back to zero at conception: However old the parents and their reproductive cells, a fertilized egg is free of all marks of age. Ten years ago, the Japanese biologist Shinya Yamanaka amazed researchers by identifying four critical genes that reset the clock of the fertilized egg. The four genes are so powerful that they will reprogram even the genome of skin or intestinal cells back to the embryonic state. Dr. Yamanaka’s method is now routinely used to change adult tissue cells into cells very similar to the embryonic stem cells produced in the first few divisions of a fertilized egg. Scientists next began to wonder if the four Yamanaka genes could be applied not just to cells in glassware but to a whole animal. The results were disastrous. As two groups of researchers reported in 2013 and 2014, the animals all died, some because their adult tissue cells had lost their identity and others from cancer. Embryonic cells are primed for rapid growth, which easily becomes uncontrolled. But at the Salk Institute, Juan Carlos Izpisua Belmonte had been contemplating a different approach. He has long been interested in regeneration, the phenomenon in which certain animals, like lizards and fish, can regenerate lost tails or limbs. The cells near the lost appendage revert to a stage midway between an embryonic cell, which is open to all fates, and an adult cell, which is committed to being a particular type of cell, before rebuilding the missing limb. This partial reprogramming suggested to him that reprogramming is a stepwise process, and that a small dose of the Yamanaka factors might rejuvenate cells without the total reprogramming that converts cells to the embryonic state. With Alejandro Ocampo and other Salk researchers, Dr. Izpisua Belmonte has spent five years devising ways to deliver a nonlethal dose of Yamanaka factors to mice. The solution his team developed was to genetically engineer mice with extra copies of the four Yamanaka genes, and to have the genes activated only when the mice received a certain drug in their drinking water, applied just two days a week. The Salk team worked first with mice that age prematurely, so as to get quick results. “What we saw is that the animal has fewer signs of aging, healthier organs, and at the end of the experiment we could see they had lived 30 percent longer than control mice,” Dr. Izpisua Belmonte said. The team also saw improved organ health in normal mice but, because the mice are still living, could not yet say if longevity was extended. Dr. Izpisua Belmonte believes these beneficial effects have been obtained by resetting the clock of the aging process. The clock is created by the epigenome, the system of proteins that clads the cell’s DNA and controls which genes are active and which are suppressed. When an egg develops into a whole animal, the epigenome plays a critical role by letting a heart cell, say, activate just the genes specific to its role but switching off all the genes used by other types of cells. This process lets the embryo’s cells differentiate into all the various types of cells required by the adult body. The epigenome is also involved throughout life in maintaining each cell and letting it switch genes on and off as required for its housekeeping duties. The epigenome itself is controlled by agents that add or subtract chemical groups, known as marks, to its proteins. Only in the last few years have biologists come to realize that the state of the epigenome may be a major cause of aging. If the epigenome is damaged, perhaps by accumulating too many marks, the cell’s efficiency is degraded. Dr. Izpisua Belmonte sees the epigenome as being like a manuscript that is continually edited. “At the end of life there are many marks and it is difficult for the cell to read them,” he said. What the Yamanaka genes are doing in his mice, he believes, is eliminating the extra marks, thus reverting the cell to a more youthful state. The Salk biologists “do indeed provide what I believe to be the first evidence that partial reprogramming of the genome ameliorated symptoms of tissue degeneration and improved regenerative capacity,” Dr. Vijg said. But he cautioned the   mice used in the study might not be fully representative of ordinary aging. Dr. Guarente said it was more likely that the Yamanaka genes were not erasing the epigenomic marks directly, but rather were activating the genes which are responsible for the immense health and vitality of embryonic cells. This gene activation is a natural function of the Yamanaka factors. It is these embryonic   genes that are rejuvenating the tissues in the mice, Dr. Guarente suggested, and causing changes in the epigenome through their activity. Thomas A. Rando, an expert on stem cells and aging at Stanford, said that it should be possible in theory to uncouple the differentiation program and the aging process, and that “if that’s what’s happening, this is the first demonstration of that. ” Dr. Izpisua Belmonte said he was testing drugs to see if he could achieve the same rejuvenation as with the Yamanaka factors. The use of chemicals “will be more translatable to human therapies and clinical applications,” he said."
141,17446,Why You Will Marry the Wrong Person - The New York Times,New York Times,Alain de Botton,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"IT’S one of the things we are most afraid might happen to us. We go to great lengths to avoid it. And yet we do it all the same: We marry the wrong person. Partly, it’s because we have a bewildering array of problems that emerge when we try to get close to others. We seem normal only to those who don’t know us very well. In a wiser, more   society than our own, a standard question on any early dinner date would be: “And how are you crazy?” Perhaps we have a latent tendency to get furious when someone disagrees with us or can relax only when we are working perhaps we’re tricky about intimacy after sex or clam up in response to humiliation. Nobody’s perfect. The problem is that before marriage, we rarely delve into our complexities. Whenever casual relationships threaten to reveal our flaws, we blame our partners and call it a day. As for our friends, they don’t care enough to do the hard work of enlightening us. One of the privileges of being on our own is therefore the sincere impression that we are really quite easy to live with. Our partners are no more  . Naturally, we make a stab at trying to understand them. We visit their families. We look at their photos, we meet their college friends. All this contributes to a sense that we’ve done our homework. We haven’t. Marriage ends up as a hopeful, generous, infinitely kind gamble taken by two people who don’t know yet who they are or who the other might be, binding themselves to a future they cannot conceive of and have carefully avoided investigating. For most of recorded history, people married for logical sorts of reasons: because her parcel of land adjoined yours, his family had a flourishing business, her father was the magistrate in town, there was a castle to keep up, or both sets of parents subscribed to the same interpretation of a holy text. And from such reasonable marriages, there flowed loneliness, infidelity, abuse, hardness of heart and screams heard through the nursery doors. The marriage of reason was not, in hindsight, reasonable at all it was often expedient,   snobbish and exploitative. That is why what has replaced it  —   the marriage of feeling  —   has largely been spared the need to account for itself. What matters in the marriage of feeling is that two people are drawn to each other by an overwhelming instinct and know in their hearts that it is right. Indeed, the more imprudent a marriage appears (perhaps it’s been only six months since they met one of them has no job or both are barely out of their teens) the safer it can feel. Recklessness is taken as a counterweight to all the errors of reason, that catalyst of misery, that accountant’s demand. The prestige of instinct is the traumatized reaction against too many centuries of unreasonable reason. But though we believe ourselves to be seeking happiness in marriage, it isn’t that simple. What we really seek is familiarity  —   which may well complicate any plans we might have had for happiness. We are looking to recreate, within our adult relationships, the feelings we knew so well in childhood. The love most of us will have tasted early on was often confused with other, more destructive dynamics: feelings of wanting to help an adult who was out of control, of being deprived of a parent’s warmth or scared of his anger, of not feeling secure enough to communicate our wishes. How logical, then, that we should as   find ourselves rejecting certain candidates for marriage not because they are wrong but because they are too right  —   too balanced, mature, understanding and reliable  —   given that in our hearts, such rightness feels foreign. We marry the wrong people because we don’t associate being loved with feeling happy. We make mistakes, too, because we are so lonely. No one can be in an optimal frame of mind to choose a partner when remaining single feels unbearable. We have to be wholly at peace with the prospect of many years of solitude in order to be appropriately picky otherwise, we risk loving no longer being single rather more than we love the partner who spared us that fate. Finally, we marry to make a nice feeling permanent. We imagine that marriage will help us to bottle the joy we felt when the thought of proposing first came to us: Perhaps we were in Venice, on the lagoon, in a motorboat, with the evening sun throwing glitter across the sea, chatting about aspects of our souls no one ever seemed to have grasped before, with the prospect of dinner in a risotto place a little later. We married to make such sensations permanent but failed to see that there was no solid connection between these feelings and the institution of marriage. Indeed, marriage tends decisively to move us onto another, very different and more administrative plane, which perhaps unfolds in a suburban house, with a long commute and maddening children who kill the passion from which they emerged. The only ingredient in common is the partner. And that might have been the wrong ingredient to bottle. The good news is that it doesn’t matter if we find we have married the wrong person. We mustn’t abandon him or her, only the founding Romantic idea upon which the Western understanding of marriage has been based the last 250 years: that a perfect being exists who can meet all our needs and satisfy our every yearning. We need to swap the Romantic view for a tragic (and at points comedic) awareness that every human will frustrate, anger, annoy, madden and disappoint us  —   and we will (without any malice) do the same to them. There can be no end to our sense of emptiness and incompleteness. But none of this is unusual or grounds for divorce. Choosing whom to commit ourselves to is merely a case of identifying which particular variety of suffering we would most like to sacrifice ourselves for. This philosophy of pessimism offers a solution to a lot of distress and agitation around marriage. It might sound odd, but pessimism relieves the excessive imaginative pressure that our romantic culture places upon marriage. The failure of one particular partner to save us from our grief and melancholy is not an argument against that person and no sign that a union deserves to fail or be upgraded. The person who is best suited to us is not the person who shares our every taste (he or she doesn’t exist) but the person who can negotiate differences in taste intelligently  —   the person who is good at disagreement. Rather than some notional idea of perfect complementarity, it is the capacity to tolerate differences with generosity that is the true marker of the “not overly wrong” person. Compatibility is an achievement of love it must not be its precondition. Romanticism has been unhelpful to us it is a harsh philosophy. It has made a lot of what we go through in marriage seem exceptional and appalling. We end up lonely and convinced that our union, with its imperfections, is not “normal. ” We should learn to accommodate ourselves to “wrongness,” striving always to adopt a more forgiving, humorous and kindly perspective on its multiple examples in ourselves and in our partners."
142,17447,"When Killer and Victim’s Mother Meet, Paths From Grief, Fear and Guilt Emerge - The New York Times",New York Times,Timothy Williams,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"TOPEKA, Kan.  —   Timothy Shahid and Joshua Kalina met, went drinking, became friends and then had a falling out that lead to the murder of one of the young men, all in a matter of hours. The victim’s mother, her life suddenly a disordered jumble marked by panic attacks and nightmares, decided to seek out her son’s killer to try to understand what had prompted an act of violence so baffling that even the gunman was at a loss.  With the aid of a restorative justice program, which brings together victims and those who have caused them harm, the two ultimately met  —   each seeking a way out of grief, fear and guilt. Here’s a look at Timothy, Joshua and Joshua’s mother as she becomes involved in the program. (In this related article, read about a meeting between the parents of a college student and the man convicted in the   accident that killed their son.) “I probably broke my mom’s heart when I told her that,” Timothy, now 30, said. “The road I was leading, I knew I was going to end up in one of those two places. ” At 14, Timothy and some other boys robbed a pawnshop, and he spent two years in a juvenile facility. By age 16, he was “religiously” carrying a gun that he sometimes used. He did not elaborate. “Hanging out with a group of kids gave me hope,” said Timothy, who was tormented by his adoption, and the parents he never knew. “I didn’t think my biological mother loved me. ” At the time of the shooting, Timothy was working at a telemarketing center. He spent his free hours smoking pot and drinking at least a pint of Hennessy a day. He customized the black 2005 Nissan Altima with special wheel rims, and was methodical about keeping the car looking pristine. Joshua grew up in Topeka with his mother, Judi Bergquist, and was especially close to his older brother. He liked to play practical jokes on those close to him. “He was so funny,” his mother said. He had severe attention deficit disorder and graduated from an alternative high school. Problems with social anxiety prompted him to wear a St. Louis Cardinals baseball cap pulled low over his face. Ms. Bergquist said Joshua began hanging out with what she described as a “rougher” group of friends after graduating, so she sent him to Texas to live with her parents. He returned to Topeka about two years later and found work at a   service. But persistent money problems forced him to rely on his mother and grandmother. “The day he died, he called me in the late afternoon,” Ms. Bergquist said. “He was extremely upset because my mom had shut off his cellphone and he had a car payment to make. ” He’d screamed at her. A few hours later, she said Joshua drove slowly by her house but didn’t stop. It was the last time she saw him alive. Hours later, Timothy and Joshua met for the first time through a mutual friend. The two seemed to hit it off. “He didn’t come off as a person I couldn’t get along with. I was easy to get along with,” Timothy said. “I rode around with Josh in his car. ” But as the night of April 23, 2007, wore on, their easy conversation deteriorated into bickering, and the two argued loudly while drinking at a bar. “He said something about one of my friends, so I said something about one of his friends,” said Timothy, who called someone to pick him up. “We were going out the door at the same time, still arguing. I actually opened his car door and then I walk off. I just told him to get in the car. That’s when me and his friend, we’re arguing now . .. All I see was him pull out a weapon . .. I thought he had a gun. ” He fired eight times, and a friend of Timothy’s fired twice more before they fled, the police said. Joshua was left in the parking lot with four gunshot wounds in the chest, one in the left hip, two in the buttocks and three in the left hand. “My   was it was better him than me,” Timothy said. “I didn’t believe in fighting. I just pulled out my gun. I actually ran up to him when I shot him. I don’t blame alcohol. I knew what I was doing. I just saw something in his hand. ” Joshua was unarmed, police said Timothy’s accomplice was never arrested. During pretrial hearings, Timothy would see Ms. Bergquist in the courtroom, and at one court appearance, he taunted her. “I actually took her son’s photo, and held it up and turned around, and that’s when I laughed at her,” he said. Ms. Bergquist, suffering from memory loss and insomnia, panicked every time she saw a tall   man  —   the loose description of Timothy’s accomplice. “If I saw anybody with that vague description, I would just lose it,” she said. Finally, wanting to avoid a trial, Ms. Bergquist agreed to a plea deal in which Timothy would receive about 20 years. Timothy was impassive: “I didn’t care about life. ” “I knew that Timothy held the answers that I needed. I needed reassurance from Timothy that the other person was never going to bother me,” said Ms. Bergquist. “I needed to feel safe. At the same time, I needed to know if Timothy was working to change his life. I didn’t want this to happen to anyone else. ” The first step toward a meeting came after a prison official showed Timothy an article that Ms. Bergquist had written about Joshua. Ms. Bergquist also contacted Holly Chavez, the restorative justice coordinator at the Kansas Department of Corrections, and asked whether a    meeting would be possible. Timothy was also growing more introspective. He was reading the Bible as well as a book that included a passage that seemed written for him: “If you always do what you always did, you always get what you always got. ” The solitude of prison forced him to try to figure out who he was. “I had a lot of time,” he said. “You got to deal with a lot of stuff on your own. It made me go back and look at the things in my life. I became Christian. I understood forgiveness  —   that I took a life that I can never give back. ” What follows is a discussion of the reactions of Timothy and Ms. Bergquist as they worked with Ms. Chavez toward a    encounter. The excerpts, which are from separate interviews that took place after the meeting, capture the thinking of those involved. Judi Bergquist, the victim’s mother Holly Chavez, the program coordinator The pivotal moment came when Ms. Bergquist acknowledged that she knew her son was flawed. Timothy, who killed Joshua Ms. Chavez Ms. Bergquist Timothy Ms. Bergquist Timothy Ms. Bergquist Timothy Ms. Bergquist Timothy Ms. Bergquist In April 2016, the two met again  —   this time at a victims’ awareness event at the prison in front of inmates. “She called me her friend,” Timothy said. “A woman forgiving her son’s killer and calling him her friend. And at the end, she got up and gave me a hug. You just don’t see that too often. ” (In this related article, Zachary Harrison struggles to understand why the parents of the man he killed want to meet him.) "
143,17448,"After One-Child Policy, Outrage at China’s Offer to Remove IUDs - The New York Times",New York Times,Sui-Lee Wee,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"BEIJING  —   A few months after Lu Qiumei gave birth to her daughter in 2012, local officials visited her home and told her that she was required to be fitted with an intrauterine device. For more than three decades, this was national policy in China. The IUD was the government’s most important tool for limiting couples to one child, and almost all new mothers were required to get one. Ms. Lu, a former advertising executive, considered the demand invasive, insulting and potentially harmful to her health. Still, like hundreds of millions of Chinese women before her, she made an appointment with a state gynecologist and had one put in. Now, a year after abandoning the “ ” policy, the government is hoping to make it up to Ms. Lu and millions of women like her  —   by removing their IUDs, free of charge. But the offer, made without even a hint of an apology, has provoked incredulous outrage. “We shouldn’t even have had this in the first place, and now the government wants to use it as a form of state benefit for people,” Ms. Lu, 36, scoffed in a phone interview from her home in the eastern city of Linyi. “It’s like they are slapping themselves in the face. ” While IUDs elsewhere can often be removed with the tug of their strings in a doctor’s office, surgery is usually needed in China because most devices here are designed or altered to be more difficult to extract, some with shortened strings and others with no strings at all. But many Chinese women have chafed at the thought of the government’s getting involved, yet again, in their private lives. And for many mothers, the offer has come too late for them to consider having a second child. “It’s the equivalent of someone injuring you and then mending the wound,” said Zhang Xintian, 25, who watched her mother go into surgery two years ago in the eastern province of Zhejiang to remove the IUD she had worn for more than two decades. In China, women often have the same IUD from soon after childbirth until menopause while popular IUDs in the United States are typically deemed effective for up to 10 years, those used in China offer birth control for much longer. China began demanding that women be fitted with an intrauterine device after they had one child, and sterilized after they had two, in the early 1980s. Those who refused risked that their children would be denied access to public schools and health insurance. Civil servants and state employees who refused lost their jobs. From 1980 to 2014, according to official statistics, 324 million Chinese women were fitted with IUDs. And 107 million underwent tubal ligations or, as is commonly said, got their “tubes tied. ” Local officials were evaluated by their ability to meet targets, leading some to order that the procedures  —   as well as abortions  —   be performed by force on women who resisted. Then last year, confronting an aging population and a shrinking work force, President Xi Jinping relegated the   policy to the Communist Party’s scrap heap of discarded dogma. And without so much as an expression of regret or an admission that it had perhaps made a mistake, the party pivoted from punishing couples for having a second child to encouraging them to get on with reproducing. To that end, an official said at a recent news conference that 18 million women would be eligible for the free removal of IUDs in the next three years so they could bear a second child. “Our country provides support in terms of law, finance and service systems to ensure citizens’ access to the free removal of IUDs,” said the official, Song Li of the National Health and Family Planning Commission’s department of women and children. But the   reversal, the paternalistic attitude, the failure to accept any culpability  —   for some, it was too much. Within hours of the news conference, the internet was fuming with indignation. The mass implantation of IUDs amounted to “involuntary, forced acts of mutilation,” Han Haoyue, a popular columnist, wrote in a post shared nearly 3, 000 times on Weibo, China’s version of Twitter. “And now, to say they are offering free removal as a service to these tens of millions of women  —   repeatedly broadcasting this on state television as a kind of state benefit  —   they have no shame, second to none. ” Over the years, many Chinese women have come to hate the IUD, which is inserted into the uterus to block fertilization. In the novel “Frog,” by Mo Yan, the first Chinese citizen to win the Nobel Prize in Literature, the main character imposes a reign of terror involving the compulsory implantation of IUDs and tries to catch women who surreptitiously remove them. In mainland China, being fitted with an IUD is called “shang huan,” a phrase that literally means “installing a loop,” referring to the   stainless steel ring that was the state’s preferred device for more than a decade despite higher rates of complications. The rings were replaced in the   by safer and more effective IUDs. According to gynecologists in China, IUDs used for Chinese women were meant to be left indefinitely, with surgery necessary to take them out. Dr. Gloria Korta, a gynecologist at Winchester Physician Associates in Massachusetts, who toured Chinese hospitals as part of a cultural exchange in 2001, said that while there was a risk of infection from having an IUD implanted for many years, it was small. Perhaps because of the problems associated with the early model, there remains widespread concern in China about the IUD’s impact on women’s health. In 2012, the online portal Tencent published a lengthy report arguing that many Chinese women had “experienced serious damage to their mental and physical health” from the IUD campaign because of “rough surgeries and poor hygiene conditions. ” Ai Xiaoming, 63, a prominent documentary filmmaker, said many women, herself included, had never been advised of potential complications and the need for regular checkups after getting an IUD. She had to have a hysterectomy when surgery to remove her IUD was botched. “In the eyes of the government, women are labor units,” Ms. Ai said. “When the country needs you to give birth, you have to do so. And when they don’t need you to give birth, you don’t. ” Even before the end of the   policy, the government allowed some women to remove their IUDs if they complained of medical complications. Others, including Ms. Zhang’s mother, did it without permission, paying sympathetic doctors to remove them. But Wang Feng, a sociology professor at the University of California, Irvine, who studies the   policy, said the government appeared to be preparing to remove IUDs on a larger scale. “They were anticipating the numbers, how many operations need to be done, as if this is another government program,” he said. The government’s eagerness appears to be driven in part by growing concern over the economic impact of the nation’s plummeting birthrate, now one of the lowest in the world. According to 2015 data, Chinese women had 1. 05 children on average, well below the population replacement rate of more than 2. 1. With fewer young people to support larger numbers of retirees in China, scholars have warned of a looming demographic crisis. But many couples are not interested in having a second child, some because of the potential costs, others because of their age. Cao Cuihua, 35, a restaurant owner in the central province of Anhui and the mother of a    boy, said she did not plan to remove her IUD because she and her husband could not afford more children. “I did think about having a second child, but my economic circumstances don’t allow it,” she said. “This national policy to have two children has come a bit too late. ” Yi Fuxian, a scientist at the University of   who studies China’s demographics, said half of all Chinese women eligible to have a second child were 40 or older. “Most people have already lost the ability to give birth,” Dr. Yi said by email. “The willingness to have children is already very low, so the Chinese government’s offer of free surgeries will be of no avail. It will have little effect on the birthrate. ” Mao Qun’an, a spokesman for China’s family planning commission, defended the offer to remove IUDs and said the government would also cover the costs of surgery to reverse tubal ligations and vasectomies. (Such procedures are more complicated, and critics say most Chinese hospitals are not equipped for them.) Dr. Dalice Marriott, a gynecologist at Beijing United Family Hospital, said a woman who had an IUD for a long time ran the risk of “having it embedded in the uterine wall. ” “That makes it much more difficult to remove,” Dr. Marriott said, adding that the surgery could result in bleeding, infection and injury to the uterus. Asked about the public outcry over the government’s offer to remove IUDs, Mr. Mao replied, “We did not deliberately emphasize that it’s a government benefit. ” Li Yinhe, a prominent Chinese scholar of sex and the family, defended the government’s approach, arguing that population control measures were “not targeted against women’s rights. ” “If the state doesn’t engage in this, then it’s not only a disadvantage for men, it also hurts the interests of women,” she said. “Women giving up their reproductive rights is a sacrifice that is made for the whole Chinese society. ” But many women want the government to acknowledge that its original policy was wrong. “What they’ve done to women is inhumane,” said Xu Dali, 35, a mother of two sons in Linyi. “Why did the government force every women then to have an IUD? At that time, why did it not consider the physical harm that has been inflicted on every woman?”"
144,17449,Naomie Harris: A Chameleon on Screen and Off - The New York Times,New York Times,Bee Shapiro,2017-01-25,2017.0,1.0,,"The British actress Naomie Harris, 40, might have splashed on the scene as the Bond girl Moneypenny, but these days she is banking on riskier roles. Her turn as a crack addict in the lauded “Moonlight” earned her supporting actress nods for the Critics’ Choice Awards, Screen Actors Guild Awards and the Golden Globes, on Sunday. So, too, her red carpet style will keep you guessing. Friend to cutouts, splashy prints, allover sequins, tuxedos and plunging necklines, Ms. Harris seems determined to avoid being typecast. And the fashion establishment appears to love her chameleonic quality. She sat front row at Christian Dior and Michael Kors, and she attended the Met Gala with Burberry. Of course, Ms. Harris doesn’t accomplish her sartorial variety on her own. She has been working with Nola Singer, also a close friend, for the last five years. “She loves to experiment,” Ms. Singer said of their choices. “It’s not so serious. If I tell her someone is a new designer, she gets excited. She gets that this is a kind of freedom. That’s beautiful about her. ” Ms. Singer, who is based in Los Angeles, styled many of Ms. Harris’s looks over the past year, but the actress also worked with Micaela Erlanger, Lupita Nyong’o’s   for her “Collateral Beauty” press tour. With Ms. Singer, Ms. Harris has favored simple fitted silhouettes but often lets color do the talking. Witness a sequined goldenrod Ralph Lauren halterneck dress worn to the Hollywood Foreign Press   cocktail party in November. “Every actress was at that event, and she really stood out, not because she was trying but because of that color, and because it flattered her figure  —   her arms!  —   without showing too much skin,” Ms. Singer said. No   triceps dips were needed for the visual statement made by a Gucci silver metallic tuxedo at the Hollywood Film Awards the same month. Ms. Singer said the outfit, with its sharp tailoring and lion embroidered on the back, was a nod to Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign. “It was about women being empowered,” she said. Though Ms. Harris knows her way around a pantsuit (see also a white Emanuel Ungaro option at Variety’s Women of Power Luncheon, and a white   Dolce  Gabbana number worn to the TimesTalks event for “Moonlight”) occasionally she likes to go retro. In the navy Carolina Herrera ball gown she wore (with Christian Louboutin flats) to the Governors Awards in November, she was having an Old Hollywood meets modern practicalities moment. Less successful are her quirky moments. An orange Gucci minidress with a frilly black neckline that she wore at the British Independent Film Awards and a brown print Rodarte with    white bust at the “Collateral Beauty” London premiere read   on her lithe frame. Ms. Erlanger’s choice for the “Collateral Beauty” New York premiere was more on point: a neon floral Rosie Assoulin dress that ended above the ankle with Dick   pumps. Sure it was December, but what’s a little   chill when an   campaign is at stake? More unexpected picks with Ms. Erlanger included an offbeat (perhaps dated?) Stella McCartney strapless black bodice with sheer skirt design for the Critics’ Choice Awards last month, and a winning gold sequined tunic and pants by Monse at the Gotham Independent Film Awards in November. And if her predictability is in her unpredictability, Ms. Harris is throwing another wrench in for awards season. She is going back to Ms. Singer but adding the New York stylist Laura Jones, known for her work with Alicia Keys, to her team. It will be Ms. Harris’s first time working with Ms. Jones."
145,17450,U.S. Consulate Official Shot and Wounded in Mexico - The New York Times,New York Times,Elisabeth Malkin,2017-01-08,2017.0,1.0,,"MEXICO CITY  —   An official working at the United States consulate in Guadalajara, the   city in Mexico, was shot and wounded on Friday evening by a young man who stalked him in the parking lot of a shopping mall and then fired as he drove out. The State Department official, who was not identified, was in stable condition after the shooting, a spokeswoman from the United States Embassy in Mexico City said on Saturday. Neither embassy officials nor the Mexican attorney general’s office commented on a possible motive. Guadalajara is the capital of Jalisco, the headquarters of the New Generation Jalisco cartel, an organized crime gang that has carried out violent attacks on the Mexican military and police over the past two years. But residents of the city have rarely been a focus of cartel violence. Security footage released by the consulate on its Facebook page shows the gunman, dressed in a loosefitting dark blue   and pants and wearing glasses, waiting on the sidewalk adjacent to the exit ramp of an underground parking lot in an upscale neighborhood. A white car pulls up to the barrier gate, waits for the arm to lift and drives off. Then, as the consular official’s black car pulls up, the gunman raises his arm, fires and runs away. In a separate video, taken a few minutes earlier, at 6:16 p. m. the consular official, wearing red shorts and with a gym bag slung over his shoulder, pays at the automated ticket machine and walks off, with the gunman following him. The F. B. I. said it was offering a $20, 000 reward to anybody who could provide information leading to the identification of the gunman. “The safety and security of our employees overseas is our highest priority,” the United States Embassy spokeswoman said. Eduardo Almaguer, the attorney general for Jalisco, told the local news media that the consular employee worked in the visa section of the consulate. State and federal authorities are working on the investigation. Employees of the United States Embassy and consulates in Mexico have been victims of drug violence in the past few years, though they have sometimes been targeted by mistake. That was the case in 2010 of a consulate employee in the border city of Ciudad Juárez, her husband and the husband of another employee who were killed. The white S. U. V. that the employee and her husband were driving in was mistaken for the vehicle of a gang leader whose killing was ordered by a rival. In 2011, an Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent was killed and another injured when they were ambushed by members of a drug gang hit squad on a highway. The next year, two C. I. A. employees were wounded when federal police officers fired at their armored car in an attack that has never been explained."
146,17451,300 Marines to Aid Fight Against Taliban in Spring - The New York Times,New York Times,Mujib Mashal,2017-01-08,2017.0,1.0,,"KABUL, Afghanistan  —   Approximately 300 United States Marines will return this spring to help fight a resurgent Taliban in the southern Afghan province of Helmand, the site of a yearslong bloody campaign, American officials in Afghanistan said on Saturday. An American military spokesman in Kabul said the Marines would replace an Army unit stationed in Helmand, and would offer training and advice to members of the Afghan military and the national police. “The Marine rotation is to replace soldiers currently here conducting the train, advise and assist mission,” said Brig. Gen. Charles H. Cleveland, a spokesman for United States forces in Afghanistan. “We’re very pleased that the Marines will rotate in, as they have tremendous institutional history in the region. ” The Marines were last in Helmand, a hotbed of Taliban fighters and poppy cultivation, in October 2014. Since then, Afghan forces, suffering from leadership woes and plagued by corruption, have struggled to hold territory, with district after district falling to the Taliban. For months now, the insurgents have been at the gates of the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah. The Afghan military welcomed the news of the Marines’ return. “We have been asking our foreign counterparts in security meetings to increase the level of their troops in Helmand Province to help us on the battlefields,” said Shakil Ahmad, an Afghan Army spokesman. Mr. Ahmad said the security situation in region was rapidly deteriorating. The Taliban appeared unfazed by the news of the Marines’ return. “Our mujahedeen continued their progress in the presence of tens of thousands of Americans and other invading forces,” said Qari Yousef Ahmadi, a Taliban spokesman. “A few hundred other soldiers won’t become an obstacle on the way of our progress. ” Fewer than 8, 400 American troops are currently in Afghanistan, deployed either through NATO to train Afghan forces or as part of a smaller American counterterrorism mission. President Obama declared the United States combat mission in Afghanistan over in December 2014. But in the past year, as violence has spread across the country, the line for the American military between consulting and fighting has increasingly blurred. At the peak of a troop surge in 2011, there were about 20, 000 Marines fighting across Helmand alongside thousands of British soldiers. Western troops fought the Taliban village to village, and tried to win civilians’ hearts and minds by doling out cash for bridges and roads. The Taliban recently told Lashkar Gah residents to store food items, warning that they would once again cut off Helmand’s main highway to the regional economic hub, Kandahar Province. Unlike in the past, fighting between government troops and the Taliban has not diminished with the coming of this year’s winter. Many fear that when fighting intensifies in the spring, the Taliban will be starting from a position of strength around several provincial capitals. Ensuring that Afghan leaders take advantage of the winter to improve leadership and root out corruption will be critical to how they tackle Taliban pressure in the spring, American officials said."
147,17452,Brock Osweiler and Texans Knock the Battered Raiders Out of the Playoffs - The New York Times,New York Times,The Associated Press,2017-01-08,2017.0,1.0,,"HOUSTON  —   Follow our live N. F. L. playoffs coverage here. Brock Osweiler redeemed himself after last month’s benching. Jadeveon Clowney established himself as a postseason force. And the Houston Texans got their first playoff victory since the 2012 season, beating the Oakland Raiders,   on Saturday. Osweiler threw for a touchdown and ran for another to lead the Texans to the win, in the   round. Clowney, erasing doubts that he deserved to be the top pick in the 2014 draft, got his first career interception, on the Raiders’ second drive. Osweiler, who got his job back last week after Tom Savage sustained a concussion, finished with only 168 passing yards but played his best game of the season. “It just goes back to having confidence in my teammates,” said Osweiler, who had never played in a playoff game, having been benched by the Denver Broncos last postseason in favor of Peyton Manning. “Believing in what you see, and just rip it. Cut it loose, and don’t have any hesitation. ” Houston ( ) and its   defense, led by Clowney and Whitney Mercilus, advanced to face either the Kansas City Chiefs or the New England Patriots in the divisional round. Clowney was roundly criticized in his first two   seasons before his star turn this season as he helped make up for the loss of J. J. Watt, who was placed on injured reserve in September. “Things didn’t go well earlier in my career, but I’m on the right track now,” Clowney said. The Raiders were making their first trip to the playoffs since the 2002 season, when they went to the Super Bowl, but it ended with a thud behind the struggles of their   quarterback, the rookie Connor Cook. He threw for 161 yards, with one touchdown and three interceptions. “It was his first start, on the road, in a playoff game, against the No.   defense,” Raiders Coach Jack Del Rio said. “It was a tough draw for him. We had hopes that we would be able to do enough around him so he wouldn’t have to do as much. ” Cook became the first quarterback in N. F. L. history to make his first start in a playoff game. The usual starter, Derek Carr, a contender for the Most Valuable Player Award, broke his leg two weeks ago, and Matt McGloin injured his shoulder last weekend. The Raiders were also missing their star left tackle, Donald Penn, whose streak of 160 straight starts ended because of a knee injury. The Raiders ( ) got touchdowns from Latavius Murray and Andre Holmes, but cornerback David Amerson said things would have been different if the team had fewer injuries. “I’ve got all the faith in Connor or Matt  —   any backups we’ve got,” he said. “But they know, at full strength, ain’t nobody in the league touching us, man. We’re going to take this loss on the chin, and we’re going to come back, for sure. ” Houston led by 13 at halftime after touchdowns by DeAndre Hopkins and Lamar Miller, who scored a play after Clowney’s interception. Houston increased its lead to   on a   run by Osweiler early in the fourth quarter."
148,17453,"In Turkey’s Unrest, Some See an Extreme Version of Post-9/11 America - The New York Times",New York Times,Tim Arango and Rick Gladstone,2017-01-08,2017.0,1.0,,"ISTANBUL  —   An Islamic State disciple kills 39 New Year’s revelers at an Istanbul nightclub. A gunman with a police badge assassinates Russia’s ambassador at an Ankara reception. Kurdish separatist bombers kill 14 soldiers on a bus in central Turkey and dozens of police officers at an Istanbul soccer match. Those assaults were just in the last few weeks, which made a car bombing on Thursday in the city of Izmir, where at least two civilians were killed, seem relatively minor. The 75 million people of Turkey, the NATO member and European Union aspirant that straddles Europe and Asia and was once seen as a stable democracy, are facing a ferocious onslaught of terrorist attacks unlike anything that has been seen in the West. Add to that the tumult from roughly three million Syrian war refugees, a resurgent Kurdish insurgency and a failed military coup  —   all tied, in the eyes of many Turks, to American negligence, or malice, or both. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has responded with a furious crackdown on an array of perceived enemies, including the news media, and has lashed out at what he regards as Western complicity. While Mr. Erdogan’s critics have denounced what they see as a bald usurpation of power that has subverted democracy and polarized the country, many Turks, frightened and uncertain, are not complaining. They view his authoritarianism as reassuring and angrily reject outsider comments about paranoia and conspiracy theories. Some are even embracing the advent of   Donald J. Trump, despite his   statements, viewing him as a decisive strongman sympathetic to Mr. Erdogan, an Islamist with little tolerance for those who dispute him. In some ways, political historians and scholars say, what is happening in Turkey parallels the aftermath of the 2001 terrorist attacks in the United States, the 2015 attacks in France and, most recently, the response to attacks in Germany. In all of them, many citizens were willing to overlook or forsake civil liberties, government powers grew, fringe groups strengthened and spread intolerance, and dissent was regarded with suspicion. “I think there are a lot of similar tendencies, and it leads to, in an extreme case, what we’re seeing in Turkey,” said Steven A. Cook, a senior fellow for Middle East and African Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington. Still, Mr. Cook said, “It’s not that far a leap to go to an extreme  —   can you imagine if the attacks in Turkey had happened in the United States?” On Friday, Hilal Kaplan, a columnist for Daily Sabah, a newspaper close to the government, lashed out at Western news coverage, including an article in The New York Times, that has emphasized conspiracy theories coursing through Turkish society that the United States is behind terrorism in Turkey. Describing the article as “an attempt to condescend and affront rather than reflecting an effort to understand Turkey,” Ms. Kaplan said that Turks have good reason to be suspicious of the United States. She pointed out that Fethullah Gulen, the cleric and former Erdogan ally who many Turks believe was behind the coup attempt, lives in Pennsylvania, and that a former C. I. A. official had once vouched for Mr. Gulen on his green card application. In addition, she called attention to something else: The United States has provided military support to a Syrian Kurdish militia fighting Islamic State extremists, a militia that Turkey considers an ally of the P. K. K. the outlawed Kurdish separatist organization regarded as a terrorist enemy. In her Friday column, headlined “Why Turkey is looking forward to Trump administration,” she added, “do they really need such details if their only wish is to represent the Turkish people as paranoid and Erdogan as a villain?” In another parallel to    America, the Turkish government has aggressively exploited tragic events to stoke patriotic feelings and to frame the broader struggle within the country as a fight to secure democracy, even if democratic practices are eroded to do so. The comparison was not lost on Turkish scholars, even those critical of Mr. Erdogan, who were in the United States when the World Trade Center and the Pentagon were attacked. “I couldn’t believe the extent to which there was a rise in nationalism, even among academics,” said Kemal Kirisci, a senior fellow and director of The Turkey Project at the Brookings Institution, recalling his own memories of living in America. “I felt intimidated intellectually, almost felt censured. ” After the coup attempt, the government moved quickly to memorialize victims and places rived by violence, renaming a bridge in Istanbul and a square in Ankara, and changing street names to honor citizens who died defending Mr. Erdogan’s government. At year’s end, the prime minister’s office delivered packages to foreign correspondents in Turkey. Inside a black velvet box, with a silver clasp, was a small marble chunk, described as rubble from the Parliament building in Ankara, retrieved after an attack was carried out during the coup attempt. A note said that the rock “is presented to you as a symbol of Turkey’s devotion to democracy. ” And like American leaders who exhort citizens to maintain daily routines after terrorist attacks, the Turkish prime minister, Binali Yildirim, urged Turks this week to carry on. “Our citizens should not change the flow of their normal lives,” Mr. Yildirim said in a speech. “If they do, it will be serving the purposes of the terror group. ” Mr. Erdogan and his allies see a double standard in the West’s reaction to Turkey, and say that some of the same measures Turkey is taking to combat terrorism, like resorting to emergency rule, have been embraced in the West, particularly in France. It is this disconnect  —   between how Turkey perceives its own experience and the West’s reaction to events in Turkey  —   that has contributed to Turkey pulling away from its NATO allies, and moving closer to Russia. “In France there is emergency rule for three months, and again for three months, and lately for six months, in total for a year,” Mr. Erdogan said in September. “Is anyone from around the world asking France, ‘why did you declare emergency rule for a year? ’” Mr. Erdogan emphasized that the violence Turkey has faced is far greater than in countries like France. “My brothers, Turkey was the scene of terror incidents so heavy that they cannot be compared with France, and more importantly we faced a coup attempt,” he said. “From this perspective I believe my country will understand the extension of emergency rule, and support it. ” In a speech on Friday, Mr. Erdogan underscored the deep traumas Turkey has suffered in recent years. “I do not believe any other country exists that went on its way standing upright after living with what we have gone through since 2013,” Mr. Erdogan said. “We became a unique example in history. We showed democracy can be protected together with security challenges. ” Mr. Erdogan’s supporters say they are especially upset over how the West has reacted to Turkey’s response to terrorism, saying they had expected solidarity, not criticism. “This is an obvious, very serious and problematic disrespect against Turkey’s right to defend itself against terror,” said Mustafa Yeneroglu, a member of Parliament with Mr. Erdogan’s Islamist Justice and Development Party. Mr. Yeneroglu, the head of Parliament’s human rights committee, said Turkey faced the same conundrum any country faces when traumatized by terrorist acts. “If there is no security, there would be no room to enjoy the liberties,” he said. “This situation leads to prioritizing security while answering questions, ‘security or liberty?’ This is not only valid for Turkey but for all other liberal democracies. ” Turkish liberals say they understand the need for extraordinary measures, but they make two counter arguments. One is that Turkey’s broad crackdown  —   in putting so many journalists and intellectuals in jail  —   has gone too far, and is seemingly unrelated to fighting terrorism. Another is that, even with emergency rule, the country has become less safe. “On the contrary, we have faced more attacks, more terror,” said Yaman Akdeniz, a lawyer and professor at Bilgi University in Istanbul who represents many jailed journalists. He continued, “there is emergency rule in France, but there is no other country limiting fundamental rights and freedoms on this scale. ” Orhan Kemal Cengiz, a prominent human rights lawyer who was briefly detained after the attempted coup, put it this way: “Yes, ISIS is attacking. The P. K. K. is attacking. There was this coup d’état attempt. But what is this to do with all these journalists? There are over 150 journalists in jail. And with every passing day, they arrest more and more people. ” Marc Pierini, a visiting scholar at Carnegie Europe in Brussels who was a former European Union ambassador to Turkey, said the   purges in the military, the courts and the police have, paradoxically, compromised the country’s ability to protect the public. Mr. Pierini also took issue with the government’s contention that its response to threats has been appropriate. “As we’ve seen after the coup, the reaction is way outside of the formal rule of law. You started arresting police and gendarmes, now writers, actors, journalists  —   so there is no limit,” he said. “When you start pulling the thread on the rule of law, the whole sweater can come off. And that’s where we stand. ”"
149,17454,"Light Pillars, a Million-Mirror Optical Illusion on Winter Nights - The New York Times",New York Times,JoAnna Klein,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"Don’t worry. It’s totally natural. There’s no mother ship hovering above the earth, waiting to carry you away, and no demon shooting light from beneath, signaling to pull you below. It’s a light pillar  —   or a few of them  —   a colorful column of sparkling light that appears to beam up toward the sky. It’s all just an icy illusion. And now, during winter, when nights are long and cold, you have a good chance to spot one as long as conditions are right. If you’re lucky enough to spot a light pillar, what you’re seeing is actually artificial light from a ground source reflecting off millions of floating ice crystals. “It’s not an upward beam of light,” said Les Cowley, a physicist who runs a website on atmospheric optics, or the way light travels through the atmosphere. “Although they look pretty, they’re also a sign that someone, somewhere could do better with their lighting. You might call them light pollution pillars if you wanted to be environmental about it. ” Light pillars occur when   clouds  —   normally miles high in the atmosphere  —   cling closer to the Earth’s surface, just a hundred or a few thousand feet above it. These thin clouds contain millions of flat, hexagonal crystals of ice that float horizontally in the air Each ice crystal acts like a mirror pointed downward, reflecting the artificial light back to your eyes  —   as long as the cloud is about halfway between you and the light source. Together, the crystals form a cluster of mirrors floating at different heights, which allows you to see the light as a column if they all were at the same level, you’d see only a spot of light. The pillars can be quite colorful at times because each reflected beam is the same color as its source. To find a good source  —   one bright, close to the ground, and just far enough away  —   your best bet is to travel a few miles outside your city or town on a dark night. The weather doesn’t have to be frigid, but it helps. Light pillars are frequently spotted in Scandinavia, upstate New York, Canada and other cold spots in the winter. But Dr. Cowley said that this week he received a photo of light pillars from about 30 miles outside of a town in Iran  —   perhaps because the desert can get cold at night. If leaving the city is not an option, look up at streetlights on a freezing cold night. You may spot the sparkly, ghostly blur of diamond dust. This illusion is created by the same flat ice crystals that produce light pillars, but this time, they’re so low to the ground you can feel them prickling your skin. “When that happens, you see other nearby halos, and it’s quite a spectacular sight,” Dr. Cowley said."
150,17456,"Tilikum, the Killer Whale Featured in ‘Blackfish,’ Dies - The New York Times",New York Times,Christine Hauser,2017-01-07,2017.0,1.0,,"Tilikum, the captive orca who killed a trainer at SeaWorld in Orlando, Fla. in 2010 and later became the subject of the documentary “Blackfish,”  died on Friday. The whale had been suffering from a persistent infection from a bacteria found in wild habitats and natural settings, but the exact cause of death will be determined by a necropsy, SeaWorld Parks  Entertainment said in a statement. The orca, a male estimated to be about 36 years old, had been kept by the organization for 25 years. “While today is a difficult day for the SeaWorld family, it’s important to remember that Tilikum lived a long and enriching life while at SeaWorld and inspired millions of people to care about this amazing species,” the statement said. “Tilikum had, and will continue to have, a special place in the hearts of the SeaWorld family, as well as the millions of people all over the world that he inspired,” said the president of SeaWorld, Joel Manby. Tilikum’s caretakers had said in March that the whale was afflicted with the infection that was likely to lead to his death. The whale was at the center of an orca breeding program that SeaWorld ended last year. The company also ended its killer whale performances in San Diego, where state lawmakers had brought intense pressure on the company after the documentary’s release. With the death of Tilikum, SeaWorld now holds 22 orcas at its three facilities in Orlando, San Antonio and San Diego. SeaWorld also noted that Tilikum was “inextricably connected” with the death of his trainer, Dawn Brancheau, in 2010. “While we all experienced profound sadness about that loss, we continued to offer Tilikum the best care possible, each and every day, from the country’s leading experts in marine mammals,” the SeaWorld statement said. Tilikum bit down on the ponytail of Ms. Brancheau, his    trainer, before dragging her underwater and killing her. After her death, SeaWorld conducted an extensive review that resulted in trainers further isolating themselves from the animals for safety. In 2013, the documentary “Blackfish” examined Ms. Brancheau’s death by looking at the mental state of whales that are taken from their pods in the wild and raised at marine parks. But SeaWorld pushed back against the film’s claims that the whales in captivity suffer physical and mental distress because of confinement. Tilikum has also been connected with the deaths of two other people: Keltie Byrne, a    student and   trainer who slipped into a pool containing Tilikum and two other orcas in 1991, and Daniel P. Dukes, a    man who slipped into SeaWorld after hours in 1999. Mr. Dukes was found dead, draped over Tilikum’s back. Tilikum came to SeaWorld in 1991 from Sealand of the Pacific in Canada, and the organization said it had not collected a whale from the wild in nearly 40 years."
151,17458,What TV Says About Race and Money - The New York Times,New York Times,Salamishah Tillet,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"Some of the most fascinating conversations about class anxiety aren’t happening on cable news networks these days but on a more unexpected place on television: shows like “Atlanta,” “ ” and “Insecure,” which have explored a profound, if largely ignored, economic issue  —   black downward mobility. On “” the Johnson family is led by Dre, a marketing executive, and Bow, a doctor. They have four children in private school and a house in an affluent, predominantly white neighborhood in Los Angeles. They took a vacation to Disney World estimated to cost more than $20, 000. But despite the family’s seeming stability, “ ” is largely about class tension. A central dilemma is Dre’s battle between his financial aspirations and racial authenticity, his    and his loyalty to his   roots. One of the best episodes this season, “Jack of All Trades,” opens with Dre (Anthony Anderson) and Bow (Tracee Ellis Ross) learning of their young twins’ career test results: Diane (Marsai Martin) might be in a “position of power in a political organization,” while Jack (Miles Brown) is likely to be “a member of a unionized group of skilled laborers. ” Despite Jack’s obvious excitement about, and talent for, the manual trades, his parents become obsessed with redirecting his career trajectory, worried that he will be pigeonholed, like Dre’s   father, Pops (Laurence Fishburne) in a   job for the rest of his life. As Pop’s presence reminds us, while Dre’s parents worked hard to provide him with an education, Dre did not inherit wealth, making his    status both new and fragile. This is a legitimate worry because more and more members of the   middle class are finding themselves in an economic downslide, with little hope that the next generation will earn more than the one before. In 2015, the Pew Research Center released a report detailing that the number of American households earning a   income had reached its lowest point in over 40 years. And the gap between the wealth of white and black families has widened to its highest level since 1989, according to a Pew report from 2014. Black male children raised in   households in the late 1970s and early ’80s have fallen out of the middle class at particularly higher rates than white male children after becoming adults, another Pew report found. On shows like Donald Glover’s “Atlanta” on FX and Issa Rae’s “Insecure” on HBO, both about a group of    professionally striving and financially struggling (and both, along with “” nominated for Golden Globes) the theme of black downward mobility is put into high relief. “Comedy in the black community is almost always about struggle,” said Mary Pattillo, author of “Black Picket Fences: Privilege and Peril Among the Black Middle Class. ” “And while exploring class differences is not new for black sitcoms, it is important that these themes are reproduced and restaged for each generation. The specifics might be different, but every generation returns to this theme because the precarity of the black middle class has not disappeared. ” On “Atlanta,” we meet Earn, a Princeton dropout who grew up in a   family and who works at an airport kiosk. He quits that job to manage his cousin, an    rapper named Alfred Miles, known as Paper Boi (Brian Tyree Henry) who has a song on the radio but makes a living as a drug dealer. Earn’s economic instability is exacerbated when his    girlfriend and his daughter’s mother, Van (Zazie Beetz) loses her job as an elementary schoolteacher because it was the only constant source of income for the family. “‘Atlanta’ offers up a realistic portrait of the vulnerability that the black middle class faces today,” said Jessica S. Welburn, a sociologist at the University of Iowa who researches   downward mobility. “While the election of the first   president gives many a sense of progress, racial disparities have also intensified and limited what has typically been a pathway to the middle class for   like a college degree or a government job. Knowing this,   still try to break through these barriers with obviously mixed results. ” “The Jacket,” the season finale of “Atlanta,” offers up one of the most pointed critiques of structural racism that I have seen on television this year: Neither Earn’s   childhood nor his Princeton education can protect him from the constraints that he and his friends find themselves under. After Earn wakes up in a strange house in a strange bed without his jacket, we follow him on an increasingly desperate search in increasingly dangerous situations. He finally arrives outside the home of the Uber driver who has his jacket, only to witness him being shot by the police. As extraordinary as that trauma might be for most Americans, the show portrays the sort of everyday violence to which   and Latinos, of various classes, are vulnerable. If race is intimately tied to class, so is gender, as Ms. Rae’s “Insecure” so poignantly reminds us. The main conflict on the series is its female protagonists, Issa and her best friend, Molly (Yvonne Orji) navigating the muddy waters of millennial dating. We first meet Issa, who works at a nonprofit, and her     boyfriend, Lawrence (Jay Ellis) on shaky ground. Despite his Georgetown degree, Lawrence is an entrepreneur unable to finalize his business plan or find a corporate job. He settles on working at Best Buy, and later, with encouragement from Issa, sets aside his dream of developing an app to take a gig at a tech  . And while the season concludes with a   breakup, their relationship was perhaps doomed from the beginning, by his inertia, his unemployment and their economic insecurity. Through Molly, a lawyer who brilliantly   between corporate and colloquial vernacular, the show explores how class mobility often differs for   women and men. After a string of disappointing romantic encounters, Molly ends up dating Jared (Langston Kerman) a witty, caring guy whom Issa jokingly calls “  ” because he works at Enterprise. Molly ends their relationship (the first of two times) after she and her friends find out he did not attend college. Averil Y. Clarke, author of “Inequalities of Love:   Black Women and the Barriers to Romance and Family,” said: “  black women are plagued by a very common racial problem. They, like most women, are encouraged to pursue the   script: Go to college, get a good job and get married and have kids. ” She added, “But, when it comes to dating, black women’s class aspirations are more likely to be unfulfilled than white women, their femininity and sense of value more likely to feel under assault. ” Historically, whether it was the striving of “The Jeffersons” or “The Fresh Prince of  ” or the   settings of shows like “Sanford and Son,” “Roc” or “Thea,” class differences have dominated black sitcoms in the    era. That these three recent shows are all created by   (Kenya Barris created “ ”) might enable them to attend differently to these nuances of   lives. Ms. Rae said in an interview with Vox, “This isn’t a show exclusively about, like, the struggle of being black. ” Instead, “It’s just regular black people living life. ” By setting her show in South Los Angeles, she is able to reveal the spectrum of   class diversity, as she noted in an interview with The Daily Beast: “Yes, there’s poverty there, there are gang members there, but there’s also affluence, there’s middle class, and everybody meshes together. ” Likewise, Mr. Glover said in an interview with Vulture, “I wanted to show white people, you don’t know everything about black culture. ” In that same interview, he underscores that one key difference is how he depicts class diversity. When Mr. Glover heard a suggestion that Paper Boi live in a   “traplike” home, he refused. “We were like: ‘No, he’s a drug dealer, he makes enough money to live in a regular apartment. ’” He added, “There were some things so subtle and black that people had no idea what we were talking about. ” Taken together, these sitcoms remind us of the centrality of race, not just to our conversations but to policies around income inequality. That the coming years may yield a hiring freeze on the federal work force, the continuing decline of unions, and more suffering for both   and     is no laughing matter. But, as the adage goes: Sometimes we simply have to laugh to keep from crying."
152,17459,The Making of Virtually Real Art With Google’s Tilt Brush - The New York Times,New York Times,Frank Rose,2017-01-06,2017.0,1.0,,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   In 1949, a Life magazine photographer named Gjon Mili made a pilgrimage to the French Riviera to see Pablo Picasso. Mili had come up with a way to photograph trails of light, and he wanted to shoot Picasso “drawing” in midair with a light pen  —   a process that would leave no trace except on film. Picasso loved it. The result, published in Life and exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art, was Picasso’s celebrated series of “light drawings” of bulls and centaurs and the like  —   photographs that captured him in the act of creating the ultimate in ephemeral art. Picasso is long gone. But some 68 years later, Google has been calling on dozens of artists, animators and illustrators with a   update of Mili’s concept  —   a virtual reality setup that enables people to paint with light that actually stays where you put it, at least for viewers wearing a VR headset. In place of Gjon Mili are Drew Skillman and Patrick Hackett, a pair of video game developers turned virtual reality enthusiasts who live in San Francisco. They were trying to build a   chess application one night a couple of years ago when they discovered it had an unexpected side effect: As you moved the chess pieces around in virtual space, they left trails of light behind. Sensing that their bug was in fact a feature, the two dropped the chess project immediately and hurled themselves at the light trails, hoping to develop a tool for drawing in three dimensions. In April 2015, seven months after they had cobbled together a rudimentary system they called Tilt Brush, Google bought their company for an undisclosed sum  —   which is how Mr. Skillman and Mr. Hackett have come to be ensconced in the company’s offices near the downtown waterfront here. With Google’s support, Tilt Brush has attracted a team of developers and evolved into a sophisticated tool for drawing, painting, even sculpting in space. It was released in April as a free   to the new HTC Vive, an $800 virtual reality system produced by the Taiwanese manufacturer HTC in partnership with Valve, an American video game developer. (It’s on sale as a $30 software package from Valve’s online store.) Reviewers immediately dubbed it the Vive’s killer app. This is hardly the kind of reception the two inventors were expecting when they started working on it in Mr. Skillman’s apartment, a    studio in South Park, the little neighborhood that has been a hub for San Francisco’s digerati since the 1990s. “Not in our wildest dreams,” said Mr. Skillman, a slightly built    with a neatly trimmed beard and a modest, unassuming manner. Tilt Brush got its name because in its earliest versions, you would draw or paint on a   surface that could be tilted in any direction in virtual space. But because the HTC Vive includes not just a virtual reality headset but also a pair of   controllers and two tracking sensors that map your movement in space, the program was revamped to enable you to paint or draw anywhere within a   area  —   no surface required. One controller serves as a palette, with dozens of colors and effects the other acts as a brush or pen. To watch someone use it is a bit unnerving, since the person appears to be making marks in midair, but you can’t actually see those. But put on a Vive headset and step between the sensors yourself  —   as I did in a windowless room in Google’s New York offices  —   and the illusion of delusion disappears. Instead, you suddenly see what has been produced: a phantom creation in three dimensions, something you can walk around, walk through, poke your head inside, do everything except touch. Google’s investment in virtual reality pales beside Facebook’s $2 billion purchase of the VR pioneer Oculus. Still, Tilt Brush is part of a growing effort, one that began with the introduction in 2014 of supercheap cardboard headsets that work with smartphones, and continues with the recent release of a stunning virtual reality version of Google Earth as a free download for Vive owners. Over the past year, Google has invited more than 60 people to try Tilt Brush and offer feedback, and this week the company is unveiling their work and participation. “You would never want to create an artistic tool with only engineers,” said Mr. Skillman. “That’s just absurd. ” According to Tory Voight, Google’s Tilt Brush program manager, those who have joined this    program include Dustin Yellin, a Brooklyn artist known for his   collages encased in layers of glass, and Jonathan Yeo, a British painter whose portrait of Kevin Spacey as the fictional American president Francis J. Underwood was exhibited last year at the Smithsonian Institution’s National Portrait Gallery. Jeff Koons, whose art works have sold at auction for as much as $58 million, had early access, though he was not part of the artists in residence program. Bob Mankoff, Roz Chast and other cartoonists for The New Yorker have also checked it out, as has Alex Hirsch, the young animator behind Disney’s hit television series “Gravity Falls. ” Last June, Mr. Hirsch posted a sample creation on Twitter along with an enthusiastic status update: “Drawing in virtual reality makes you feel like a   wizard god!” But the first to try it was Glen Keane, a   figure who in his 37 years at Disney had brought the warmth of   animation to such characters as Ariel (in “The Little Mermaid”) Aladdin, Tarzan and Pocahontas. “When I left Disney in 2012,” Mr. Keane said recently in his studio, a vintage bungalow on a quiet residential street in West Hollywood, Calif. “I told them it was because I know there’s something new coming  —   I don’t know what it is, but I need to leave to find it. ” He was still looking when he met Regina Dugan, then the leader of Google’s secretive Advanced Technology and Products group, which was experimenting with virtual reality. First he partnered with the group to make a   virtual reality short called “Duet,” a charming piece released in 2014 about two babies growing up that was shortlisted for an Academy Award. “Duet” broke new ground, since animation in virtual reality had almost exclusively been  . But though he’d spent a lifetime drawing on paper, Mr. Keane had always dreamed of being able to make the paper disappear. “The goal would be to animate not on paper but in space,” he said. Enter Tilt Brush, which Mr. Keane encountered when Mr. Skillman introduced himself at a visual effects conference in San Francisco. Though still in a primitive state, it was maturing rapidly, and Mr. Keane soon became a convert. In September 2015, seven months before its release, he previewed its capabilities with “Step Into the Page,” a   video. “The edges of the paper are no longer there,” he exclaimed in a   as he did a loose, freehand sketch of Ariel in virtual space. “This is not a flat drawing. This is sculptural drawing. ” Scott McCloud, the graphic artist whose book “Understanding Comics” is considered the ultimate guide to the art form, got to play with Tilt Brush when Google invited him to its Silicon Valley headquarters in August. “I don’t mind saying, I’m a little bit obsessed with this program,” he said as we sat in his small,   office in a mall in the Los Angeles exurb of Thousand Oaks. “One thing that appeals to me the most is, it’s still very early. Everyone is asking fundamental questions. We’re still trying to figure out what people are going to use it for. I love it when technology is in that stage. ” So, what are people going to use it for? Mr. McCloud threw out a few suggestions: performance art, virtual sculpture, industrial prototyping. “I doodle with it,” said Mr. Yeo, the painter, who spoke by telephone from London. “I describe it as a   sketchbook. ” What it won’t produce is anything resembling comics as they currently exist in the medium some call “Flatland. ” For denizens of Flatland who have learned to work within the constraints of   this can be problematic. Mr. Mankoff, the cartoon editor at The New Yorker, came up with some characteristically     drawings during the two days he spent using Tilt Brush with Ms. Chast and other colleagues at Google’s New York offices. But though he professes to have enjoyed the experience, he seems unlikely to lead The New Yorker out of Flatland. “You’ll probably find a sharp divide between older and younger cartoonists,” he said. “Or it may just not work  —   but that’s no reason not to try it. ” One suggestion the New Yorker team had: cubes and cylinders and other   shapes to draw on, “so you’re not starting from zero in   space. ” (Google has since implemented a similar idea.) Other than that, Mr. Mankoff offered with a grin: “The advice I would have for Google is, more cats. You can’t go wrong with cats. ” Mr. Keane has a different item on his wish list. Currently, works created in Tilt Brush are as motionless as a New Yorker cartoon. They’re essentially static, and Mr. Keane is an animator. “To me, the thing to conquer is to be able to animate in real time in space,” he said as I viewed a Tilt Brush drawing called “Victory Dance” in his studio. The piece captures a brief moment in time, seconds after his daughter’s high school choir had won a national championship  —   but it begs to be brought to life. “Just like you have a spatial dimension, you’ve got to have time as a dimension,” Mr. Keane continued. “There’s no reason you can’t do that. I’m not smart enough to figure it out. But Drew is. ”"
153,17460,Seizing a Second Chance to Graduate From High School - The New York Times,New York Times,Emily Palmer and John Otis,2017-01-08,2017.0,1.0,,"She skipped almost every class her sophomore year and still maintained perfect attendance. The trick was to drop in for the start of third period, wait for attendance to be recorded for the day and then leave with a bathroom pass. By the time her mother found out about the scheme, Skylynn Vazquez was failing every subject. Most days, Saquan Bright did not bother to show up at Boys and Girls High School in   Brooklyn. He chose to roam the streets with his friends. But then Ms. Vazquez and Mr. Bright found a school designed for students like them: Brooklyn High School for Leadership and Community Service in Clinton Hill, which is operated by Brooklyn Community Services, one of eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. Leadership, one of 57 transfer schools in New York City  —   established to help students struggling in traditional schools  —   has 202 students ages 16 to 21. By the time students reach Leadership, they have either dropped out of their regular schools or neared that point because of low grades or poor attendance. Many come from unstable homes, living with single parents in shelters and temporary housing, and have spent time in the criminal justice system. And 82 percent of the students qualify for free lunch because of their family’s income. The flexible school schedule  —   which allows for free periods  —   enables students to concentrate on courses required to graduate. And the school provides an optional paid internship program, which is appealing to students, some of whom help support their families or who are legally emancipated and support themselves. Before Leadership, Mr. Bright could not keep up with the demands at Boys and Girls High School. He struggled to pay attention in class, and could not finish tests in time. Still, he was not tested for a learning disability until he was enrolled at Leadership. Now he receives services at Leadership and extended time for tests, and his grades have improved. At her previous school, in Bushwick, Ms. Vazquez purposefully broke the rules. She wore hats at school every day, even though they were forbidden, and each one was taken away. “There was a point where I didn’t have any of my hats,” she said. “All 30 of my hats were locked in the dean’s office. ” She enrolled at that school midway through her freshman year, after moving from Florida. She recalled skipping classes and darting off to play basketball and video games with a handful of friends, most of whom have since dropped out, she said. “We were a bad influence on each other,” she said. “If one of us wasn’t in the mood to go to class, we’d all leave. We pushed each other to do the wrong thing. ” In March 2014, Ms. Vazquez’s mother  —   enraged by the discovery of what her daughter had been doing  —   spoke with administrators at the school, who suggested that her daughter enroll at Leadership. Ms. Vasquez, nervous about again switching schools, did not want to go, but when she arrived, she immediately found a support system there. Classes were small, with 20 to 25 students, allowing a nurturing,   learning environment. Students are on a   basis with all the teachers, including the principal. “Respect can be calling someone by their last name, but sometimes when you call someone by their first name, you feel like maybe you’re on a different level,” Stacey Fischler, the school’s program director, said. Students have access to advocate counselors, who are similar to social workers and help them with issues beyond academics, sometimes referring them to mental health services or youth shelters. Each counselor, assigned to 40 to 50 students, is tasked  —   to the point of pestering  —   with making sure they all go to school. “My priority is to make sure you get your education,” said Heather Hansen, a counselor. “Whether that is going to your house and knocking down your door or calling you like a lunatic all day or bothering your parents. That’s my goal. ” Ms. Vazquez smiled as she scrolled through those daily morning texts. At 6:25 a. m. on Nov. 2: “Rise  Shine Scholars. The grind continues. ” Two days later, at 6:44 a. m.: “Rise  Shine #TGIF. ” “I don’t think they sleep,” Ms. Vazquez said, laughing. “It’s a very supportive school. ” More than 14, 000 students attended transfer schools in New York City as of the   school year, the latest for which the Department of Education provided data.   graduation rates for the schools are much lower than the overall rate for New York City public schools, which increased in recent years to 70. 5 percent in 2015. Although the class of 2015 at Leadership had a 5. 6 percent   graduation rate, that rate improves over additional years  —   typical of many transfer schools. About a quarter of students graduate within six years, according to Department of Education data. Despite lower rates, the schools are serving students who may have otherwise dropped out, never receiving a diploma. “You’re working with a population that can be changed, that does need help and doesn’t get targeted often,” Ms. Hansen said. “You’re working with a population that is getting a second chance. And it’s nice to be able to give that. At the end of the day, it can be frustrating and taxing, but you get to see them walk across the stage, and that’s the main goal. ” For Mr. Bright, graduation day seemed unlikely two years ago. In spring 2014, he fell behind again, started ditching classes and almost dropped out. That August, when he was standing on a street corner in   a car passed by. Shots rang out, hitting him in the abdomen. Members of his family and of the Leadership staff surrounded his hospital bed. “There’s a lot of love there,” he said. He returned to school with renewed commitment. The Leadership family also kept Ms. Vazquez in school. “I have good friends and a good support system when I get to school every morning,” she said. “I didn’t think I’d get this far. But now I see a difference in myself, in how I react and how I say and do things. I’ve become a totally different person, and a lot of it comes from this school. ” Both Mr. Bright and Ms. Vazquez are looking forward to graduation. Mr. Bright, who will turn 22 this month, is allowed to finish this school year before he ages out of the public school system. He needs to pass one more Regents exam, for algebra, his most dreaded subject. So Brooklyn Community Services has allocated $500 in Neediest Cases funds to provide him with    tutoring. More than   of Leadership students, including Mr. Bright and Ms. Vazquez, participate in an     program. They have paid internships at places including Burlington Coat Factory, child care centers and the Brooklyn Veterinary Group. Last semester, Ms. Vazquez, 20, received an internship at 3 Black Cats Café and Cakery in Brooklyn, where she worked in the kitchen. It was the first job, Ms. Vazquez said, that she took pride in. “To bake something from scratch and perfect it,” she said. “Knowing that it represents your work, that is new for me. ” The internship ended in November, but she hopes to work at another restaurant. Her love for cooking started in her grandmother’s kitchen. They followed traditional Puerto Rican recipes, including pasteles, a dish of plantains, meat and olives. Now she cooks to remember her grandmother, who died last spring. After graduation in March, she hopes to continue her passion and has applied to culinary schools in upstate New York. When she talked to her grandmother about graduation, her grandmother would say, “Vamos a ver”  —   she would believe it when she saw it. “And now she’ll see,” Ms. Vazquez said with a smile."
154,17461,Airstrikes by Russia Buttress Turkey in Battle vs. ISIS - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael R. Gordon and Eric Schmitt,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Russian warplanes have carried out airstrikes to support Turkey’s offensive in northern Syria against the Islamic State, an important evolution in a budding   partnership. The deepening ties threaten to marginalize the United States in the struggle to shape Syria’s ultimate fate. The air missions, which took place for about a week near the strategically important town of Al Bab, represent the Kremlin’s first use of its military might to help the Turks in their fight against the militant group. The Russians seized an opening to try to build a military relationship with Turkey, a NATO member, as the United States has sought to keep the emphasis on taking Raqqa, the Islamic State’s   capital. The Russian bombing is a remarkable turnabout from November 2015, when a Turkish   fighter jet shot down a Russian   attack plane that had violated Turkey’s airspace. Russia and Turkey had already been involved in a joint effort to establish a   in Syria  —   one that does not involve the United States. At the same time, ties between the United States and Turkey have come under growing strain as the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, has become increasingly alarmed about the Kurdish forces known as the Y. P. G. The United States has aligned itself with those forces to combat the Islamic State in Syria. Some analysts say Russia appears to have arrived at an accommodation in which the Turks are moving to establish a security zone in northern Syria to preclude Syrian Kurds from setting up an autonomous region. In return, the Turks appear to be backing off their efforts to unseat President Bashar   of Syria, who, with Russian help, is strengthening his hold on the country’s major cities to the south. “The   rapprochement is largely tactical,” said James F. Jeffrey, a former United States ambassador to Turkey. “Russia can live for now with a Turkish enclave in northern Syria if it does not threaten the Assad regime. And it allows Russia to exploit the U. S. shift to Turkey’s rival, the Y. P. G. by providing air support to the Turks against the Islamic State, which the U. S. inexplicably is not providing. ”   Donald J. Trump has spoken positively, though in vague terms, about the possibility of cooperating with Russia in the fight against the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. But the Obama administration’s efforts to forge a common political and military strategy with the Kremlin on Syria collapsed after Russia supported Syrian forces and   fighters with its air power in the brutal retaking of Aleppo. Turkey began the operation at Al Bab, east of Aleppo, without coordinating with the United States and without the benefit of American airstrikes. “This is something that they’ve decided to do independently,” Col. John Dorrian, the spokesman for the   operation against the Islamic State, said in November. Turkey appeared to have assumed that it would make short work of the Islamic State fighters there. But the fighting has been stiff. In late November, the Turkish military’s problems were compounded when three of its soldiers were killed in what Turkish forces said was a Syrian airstrike. Mr. Erdogan later spoke by phone with Vladimir V. Putin, the Russian president, who assured him that Russia had not been involved in the air attack, according to Turkish news reports. The improving ties between the two autocratic leaders opened the door to greater cooperation. The Turkish military spoke publicly about the Russian role in a Jan. 2 statement that noted that Russian warplanes had struck targets the previous day about five miles south of Al Bab. American officials, who asked not to be identified because they were discussing intelligence, said that Russian airstrikes in the Al Bab area began at the end of December, and that Russian aircraft were flying near Al Bab as recently as Friday. The effectiveness of the Russian air operations, which have mainly involved dropping “dumb,” or unguided, bombs, is unclear. As Turkey’s casualties have mounted in the Al Bab operation, Turkish officials have complained about the lack of American air support and have even made veiled threats that Turkey might suspend allied combat flights against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria from its major base at Incirlik, which would be a major blow to the   air campaign. American officials suggested that the holdup in carrying out allied airstrikes in recent weeks was related to a Turkish decision to ban the Americans from flying reconnaissance drones in and around Al Bab to help identify and confirm targets, as well as bad weather. The Turkish military said that measure was needed to ensure that no potentially hostile aircraft flew over its troops, but it has hampered the United States’ ability to carry out airstrikes without endangering civilians. Operating without the benefit of precise intelligence, the United States recently engaged in what officials called a “show of force” operation in which American aircraft flew low over Al Bab and dropped flares. But last week, the Turks agreed that the United States could fly drones and other aircraft to gather intelligence, which paves the way for the   coalition to carry out airstrikes against the Islamic State in Al Bab, American officials said. The United States regards the Kurdish forces as some of the most effective fighters in the campaign against the Islamic State in Syria. But in deference to Turkish sensitivities, the Americans have declined to arm them directly. The Turks, however, regard them as nothing more than an arm of the Kurdistan Workers’ Party, an insurgent Kurdish group in Turkey and Iraq. The Turks have blamed the group for killing dozens of Turkish security forces in recent weeks. By any measure, the nascent cooperation between Russia and Turkey is a striking development. The situation was far different when Russian warplanes arrived at Latakia, Syria, in September 2015 to help the Assad government take on rebel groups, including some backed by the United States and Turkey. Relations were thrown into a crisis after a Turkish fighter jet shot down a Russian   attack plane and the Russian pilot was fatally shot by Syrian rebels as he was parachuting down. Mr. Putin denounced the   as a “stab in the back. ” Russia responded by deploying the   an advanced   system, at Latakia, and imposed economic sanctions against Turkey. But over the past year, the calculations of the two countries have changed. While President Obama warned that Syria would become a Russian military “quagmire,” the Russians, working with Iran,   forces and the Syrian military, helped Mr. Assad take back Aleppo in the waning months of the Obama administration without substantial Russian casualties. Still, Russia has to reckon with the fact that the Syrian military lacks the troops to control all of the country. At the same time, Turkey’s immediate objectives have shifted. Worried about the possibility that Kurdish fighters might link up separate cantons to establish an autonomous enclave across northern Syria, as well as about the presence of Islamic State fighters near its borders, Turkey sent its own forces into northern Syria in August. The Turkish offensive, which has enlisted the support of Syrian opposition groups that Turkey has backed, succeeded in taking the town of Jarabulus. But it has become bogged down near Al Bab, the last major town west of Raqqa still held by the Islamic State. The Russians notified the United States about the flights using a special hotline between Russian forces in Syria and the American air war command at Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar. The hotline’s goal is to “deconflict” air missions carried out by the Russians and the   coalition."
155,17462,"Donald Trump, Golden Globes, Jerusalem: Your Monday Briefing - The New York Times",New York Times,Patrick Boehler,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"Good morning. Here’s what you need to know: • The stage is set for fierce battles starting tomorrow as the U. S. Senate begins confirmation hearings on   Donald J. Trump’s cabinet picks, even though many have not completed customary background checks or ethics reviews. The first focus will be Senator Jeff Sessions, above, Mr. Trump’s choice for attorney general. Boris Johnson, the British foreign secretary, is in the U. S. for talks with advisers of Mr. Trump and congressional leaders. In 2015, Mr. Johnson said that Mr. Trump displayed “an ignorance that is truly alarming. ” _____ • “Laughter of the year!” Russian politicians and commentators are ridiculing a U. S. intelligence report that outlines an elaborate plot ordered by President Vladimir V. Putin to alter the outcome of the 2016 presidential race. Interviews with supporters of Mr. Trump in two U. S. states found similarly dismissive opinions. Journalists are trying to come to terms with Moscow’s ability to steer Western news coverage by doling out hacked documents. _____ • In Jerusalem, a Palestinian driver plowed a truck into a group of Israeli soldiers, killing four, injuring 17 others and ending several months of relative calm in the city. Israel was shaken politically by a report that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu negotiated for more positive coverage with Yediot Aharonot, a newspaper that is often critical of the prime minister, in exchange for curtailing its main competitor. And Israel’s ambassador to Britain apologized over a recording of a senior diplomat plotting to “take down” senior British politicians. _____ • At the Golden Globes, the musical “La La Land” dominated by winning a record seven awards. In drama categories, “Moonlight” won best picture, “The Crown” won best television show and Isabelle Huppert was named best actress for her performance in “Elle. ” And Meryl Streep used her acceptance speech for a lifetime achievement award to forcefully criticize Mr. Trump. _____ • Two men who made history died: Mário Soares, who guided Portugal’s rocky transition to democracy in the 1970s, was 92. Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, a founder of Iran’s Islamic Republic, was 82. _____ • Freezing temperatures spread across most of Europe over the weekend, killing dozens and disrupting traffic. Russia celebrated the coldest Orthodox Christmas in 120 years. It will remain bitterly cold across Europe’s southeast today, but temperatures are expected to rise in Western Europe. Fresh snow in the Alps is good news for ski resorts there. _____ • In London, a   strike of staff members that has shut most Underground stations in Central London is disrupting commutes today. And British Airways said a cabin crew strike on Tuesday and Wednesday would not disrupt flights. • Russia required Apple and Google to remove the LinkedIn app from their local stores. • A Volkswagen regulatory compliance executive was arrested in the U. S. on conspiracy charges, marking an escalation of the criminal investigation into the automaker’s diesel emissions cheating scandal. • The European Union’s statistics agency is expected to say that unemployment in the eurozone remained unchanged in November. • Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Many Turks view President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s authoritarianism as reassuring in the face of a ferocious onslaught of terrorist attacks. [The New York Times] • Germany threatened to end development aid to countries that refuse to take back rejected asylum seekers. [Agence  ] • An assembly of Irish citizens convened by Parliament is considering changes to one of the most divisive policies in the country: the   ban on abortions. [The New York Times] • Italy’s Five Star Movement is voting on whether it should leave the alliance of euroskeptic parties in the European Parliament it   with the U. K. Independence Party. [Politico] • America’s opioid epidemic killed more than 33, 000 people in 2015. We followed the interstate flow of cheap smuggled heroin and tracked “pill mill” clinics where pain medicine is handed out like candy. [The New York Times] (In this new section, we’ll help you start your day just right.) • A New Year’s challenge for the mind: Make this the year that you quiet all those negative thoughts swirling around your brain. Here’s how to do it. • If you’re hitting the gym this morning, don’t forget to warm up. It may just save your knees. • Recipe of the day: Don’t order out tonight  —   make your own   sesame noodles. • Eight seconds is an eternity when you’re on top of a bucking,   animal. Our Daily 360 video takes you out of the chutes with professional bull riders. • David Bowie resurfaced in a new video for one of his final songs just hours before what would have been his 70th birthday on Sunday. • NASA announced plans for a spacecraft named Psyche to visit an asteroid that appears to be made of metal. “Not only is it unique,” an expert said, “it’s improbable. ” If one of your resolutions this year is to eat healthier in the morning, consider porridge. The combination of grain and water is comfort served in its most humble form. The dish has also been feeding the world for thousands of years. Congee, a   porridge, has been eaten in China since about 2, 500 B. C. Koreans make variations of juk, with pine nut as the main ingredient. Upma is a thick porridge made from roasted semolina or rice flour common in south India. And in Ethiopia, genfo, unique for its use of red pepper, is a traditional Sunday breakfast. On many cold mornings, Americans start their days with oatmeal. The actor Wilford Brimley famously pitched the food’s health benefits in an ad, saying, “It’s the right thing to do. ” But Scots may be the most famous consumers of oats. They’ve been a staple of their diets since the Roman Empire. Scotland even hosts a global   competition  —   the Golden Spurtle is the top prize. Scotland’s former oldest living woman swore by the dish. Before her death in 2015 at 109, she revealed her secret to longevity. “A nice warm bowl of porridge every morning,” she said, and “staying away from men. ” Remy Tumin contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes. com."
156,17463,"In Election Hacking, Julian Assange’s Years-Old Vision Becomes Reality - The New York Times",New York Times,Jim Rutenberg,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"At first blush, there’s a baffling,   quality to Julian Assange’s latest star turn in our shambolic national story. He belongs in jail for “waging his war” against the United States by exposing its secrets, the conservative Fox News host Sean Hannity has said of him. An “  operative with blood on his hands,” Sarah Palin once called him. Yet last week brought the sight of Mr. Hannity speaking with Mr. Assange in glowing terms about “what drives him to expose government and media corruption” through Clinton campaign hacks that American intelligence has attributed to Russia. And Ms. Palin hailed him as a great truth teller, even apologizing for previous unpleasantries. (Cue sound of needle sliding across record album.) O. K. the fact that WikiLeaks’   splash was bad for the Democrats and good for   Donald J. Trump may have a   bit to do with their change of heart. But what’s up with Mr. Assange, who seems equally comfortable being a hero of the American left as he is being one of the American right, or even of Russian Putinists? What does he want, anyway? The answer has been in front of us all along. And the current imbroglio over Russia, WikiLeaks and their role in Mr. Trump’s victory  —   or, more to the point, Hillary Clinton’s loss  —   might be viewed as the realization of the vision Mr. Assange had when he started WikiLeaks over a decade ago. Mr. Assange spelled it out in prescient terms in an essay he posted online in November of 2006, the year of WikiLeaks’ founding. He wrote it long before becoming the polarizing figure he is today, a “cypherpunk” folk hero with an outsize reputation for being messianic, impetuous and all too cavalier with the personal data that come his way. (He’s currently living in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London, where he was granted asylum from Swedish authorities who are investigating a rape accusation against him that he says is false and politically motivated.) Yet even his toughest critics acknowledge how clearly he saw the politically disruptive potential of technology, back when some of us were getting our first BlackBerries. It’s what prompted him to start WikiLeaks, which “pioneered something extremely important and very dangerous to large organizations that keep lots of secrets digitally,” as the journalist Glenn Greenwald told me in an interview last week. From the start, Mr. Assange said WikiLeaks’ prime directive was to expose hidden data sets that “reveal illegal or immoral behavior” in government and big business. But in the essay he also wrote in more ambitious terms about forcing regime change through data and technology rather than through the old, barbaric means of assassination. As Mr. Assange saw it, power was held by vast networks of conspirators who shared vital information in secret, giving them a superior understanding of reality that enabled them to hold on to power. The technology revolution, he wrote, was providing the conspirators with the means to achieve what he called an even “higher total conspiratorial power. ” But it was also making them more vulnerable to sabotage, so that a governing conspiracy could be “slowed until it falls, stupefied unable to comprehend and control the forces in its environment. ” As an example, he pointed to “two closely balanced and broadly conspiratorial power groupings,” the Democratic and the Republican Parties in the United States. “Consider what would happen if one of these parties gave up their mobile phones, fax and email correspondence  —   let alone the computer systems,” he wrote. “They would immediately fall into an organizational stupor and lose to the other. ” The essay got new attention when WikiLeaks, working in tandem with The Guardian, The New York Times and other outlets, released extensive diplomatic cables in 2010, making WikiLeaks more of a household name. No one seemed to grasp what Mr. Assange was hinting at more clearly than the conservative writer John Sexton, who foresaw the events of 2016 in a post that was published on Breitbart News and his own blogin 2010. “You can take his example further by imagining what would happen to, say, the D. N. C. if it suffered a massive Wikileak of secret data,” Mr. Sexton wrote, referring to Mr. Assange’s essay. “It seems entirely possible that a leak of the contents of their email for one month would be exceedingly damaging to them. ” And here we are, over six years later. Mr. Assange’s essay has resurfaced yet again, after major data breaches of the email accounts of the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton adviser John Podesta, committed, allegedly, by   hackers and fed to the world via WikiLeaks. Clinton aides have said the breach impeded their ability to communicate electronically afterward, causing them to resort to holding more   meetings. But far more damaging were the spilled secrets. They forced the resignations of the Democratic National Committee chairwoman, Debbie   and of the interim chair, Donna Brazile, from her analyst job at CNN. And they provided Mr. Trump with a steady stream of fresh,   data points, which WikiLeaks fed out incrementally, creating a running story that the American news media voraciously seized upon. Political scientists will debate for years to come how decisive the leaks were in the election outcome. But the emails were undeniably in the mix of an election decided by fewer than 100, 000 votes in three key swing states. So, in the end, one political party was technologically compromised in a way the other wasn’t, and that party did indeed “lose to the other. ” It’s a straight line from Mr. Assange’s initial essay. But if WikiLeaks’ disclosures abetted Mr. Trump, how does that square with Mr. Assange’s goals to undercut “authoritarian conspirators” and create incentives for “more humane forms of governance”? Mr. Trump was less transparent than Mrs. Clinton was during the campaign (we’re still waiting for those tax returns) and he made a number of   statements (“lock her up! ”) that were unique to modern American politics. A WikiLeaks journalist, Sarah Harrison, recently wrote in The Times that WikiLeaks was a news organization committed to disclosing vital information, not picking political sides. Mr. Assange addressed the question differently in an interview last month with the Italian journalist Stefania Maurizi of La Repubblica. “Hillary Clinton’s election would have been a consolidation of power in the existing ruling class of the United States,” he said. Mr. Trump and his allies, he said, “do not by themselves form an existing structure, so it is a weak structure which is displacing and destabilizing the   central power network within D. C. ” That, he said, could herald change, both good and bad. A weak power network in Washington, of course, is just what President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia wanted to see, too. Given Russia’s own authoritarianism and opacity  —   try independent journalism there, if you dare  —   it’s a wonder and, for some, cause for suspicion that it’s not a bigger WikiLeaks target. Mr. Assange told Repubblica that while he had released plenty of   documents, WikiLeaks has no staff members who speak Russian. And he told my Times colleagues Jo Becker, Steven Erlanger and Eric Schmitt last summer that Russia was “a bit player” on the world stage compared with the United States and China. (Their article showed how WikiLeaks’ releases often benefited Russia at the expense of the West despite American assessments that it is likely not directly tied to Russian intelligence services). Though Mr. Assange does not as a rule reveal sources, he has repeatedly said he is confident that the Clinton campaign and D. N. C. email caches that WikiLeaks received did not come from a “state party. ” He maintains that the United States has failed to offer conclusive proof of the Russian government’s direct role, and he is not alone. On Friday, The Intercept, a news outlet   by Mr. Greenwald  —   who led the Guardian team that shared a Pulitzer Prize in 2014 with The Washington Post for coverage of Edward Snowden’s revelations on mass surveillance  —   declared the intelligence report “underwhelming. ” Mr. Greenwald has been highly critical of mainstream news reports that, in his view, have been too quick to accept intelligence reports pointing to Russia’s role. That has added to the fun house mirror aspect of the latest Assange turn, given that Mr. Greenwald’s past work was celebrated by people who are so solidly opposed to Mr. Trump now. But Mr. Greenwald has long criticized mainstream American journalists as being too credulous with government intelligence claims (see “weapons of mass destruction”). Unlike, perhaps, Mr. Hannity and Ms. Palin, he is being consistent. “What’s changed is the political earth around me,” he said. “And the same thing has happened to Julian. ” That earth is still shifting. Where Mr. Assange turns up on it next is anyone’s guess."
157,17464,Data Could Be the Next Tech Hot Button for Regulators - The New York Times,New York Times,Steve Lohr,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"Wealth and influence in the technology business have always been about gaining the upper hand in software or the machines that software ran on. Now data  —   gathered in those immense pools of information that are at the heart of everything from artificial intelligence to online shopping recommendations  —   is increasingly a focus of technology competition. And academics and some policy makers, especially in Europe, are considering whether big internet companies like Google and Facebook might use their data resources as a barrier to new entrants and innovation. In recent years, Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Microsoft have all been targets of tax evasion, privacy or antitrust investigations. But in the coming years, who controls what data could be the next worldwide regulatory focus as governments strain to understand and sometimes rein in American tech giants. The European Commission and the British House of Lords both issued reports last year on digital “platform” companies that highlighted the essential role that data collection, analysis and distribution play in creating and shaping markets. And the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development held a meeting in November to explore the subject, “Big Data: Bringing Competition Policy to the Digital Era. ” As government regulators dig into this new era of data competition, they may find that standard antitrust arguments are not so easy to make. Using more and more data to improve a service for users and more accurately target ads for merchants is a clear benefit, for example. And higher prices for consumers are not present with free internet services. “You certainly don’t want to punish companies because of what they might do,” said Annabelle Gawer, a professor of the digital economy at the University of Surrey in England, who made a presentation at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development meeting. “But you do need to be vigilant. It’s clear that enormous power is in the hands of a few companies. ” Maurice Stucke, a former Justice Department antitrust official and a professor at the University of Tennessee College of Law, who also spoke at the gathering, said one danger was that consumers might be afforded less privacy than they would choose in a more competitive market. The competition concerns echo those that gradually emerged in the 1990s about software and Microsoft. The worry is that as the big internet companies attract more users and advertisers, and gather more data, a powerful “network effect” effectively prevents users and advertisers from moving away from a dominant digital platform, like Google in search or Facebook in consumer social networks. Evidence of the rising importance of data can be seen from the frontiers of artificial intelligence to mainstream business software. And certain data sets can be remarkably valuable for companies working on those technologies. A prime example is Microsoft’s purchase of LinkedIn, the business social network, for $26. 2 billion last year. LinkedIn has about 467 million members, and it houses their profiles and maps their connections. Microsoft is betting LinkedIn, combined with data on how hundreds of millions of workers use its Office 365 online software, and consumer data from search behavior on Bing, will “power a set of insights that we think is unprecedented,” said James Phillips, vice president for business applications at Microsoft. In an email to employees, Satya Nadella, Microsoft’s chief executive, described the LinkedIn deal as a linchpin in the company’s   goal to “reinvent productivity and business processes” and to become the digital marketplace that defines “how people find jobs, build skills, sell, market and get work done. ” IBM has also bet heavily on data for its future. Its acquisitions have tended to be in specific industries, like its $2. 6 billion purchase last year of Truven Health, which has data on the cost and treatment of more than 200 million patients, or in specialized data sets useful across several industries, like its $2 billion acquisition of the digital assets of the Weather Company. IBM estimates that 70 percent of the world’s data is not out on the public web, but in private databases, often to protect privacy or trade secrets. IBM’s strategy is to take the data it has acquired, add customer data and use that to train its Watson artificial intelligence software to pursue such tasks as helping medical researchers discover novel disease therapies, or flagging suspect financial transactions for independent auditors. “Our focus is mainly on nonpublic data sets and extending that advantage for clients in business and science,” said David Kenny, senior vice president for IBM’s Watson and cloud businesses. At Google, the company’s drive into   business software is fueled by data, building on years of work done on its search and other consumer services, and its recent advances in image identification, speech recognition and language translation. For example, a new Google business offering  —   still in the test, or alpha, stage  —   is a software service to improve job finding and recruiting. Its data includes more than 17 million online job postings and the public profiles and résumés of more than 200 million people. Its   algorithms distilled that to about four million unique job titles, ranked the most common ones and identified specific skills. The job sites CareerBuilder and Dice are using the Google technology to show job seekers more relevant openings. And FedEx, the giant package shipper, is adding the service to its recruiting site. That is just one case, said Diane Greene, senior vice president for Google’s cloud business, of what is becoming increasingly possible  —   using the tools of artificial intelligence, notably machine learning, to sift through huge quantities of data to provide   data services. “You can turn this technology to whatever field you want, from manufacturing to medicine,” Ms. Greene said.   Li, director of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, is taking a sabbatical to become chief scientist for artificial intelligence at Google’s cloud unit. She sees working at Google as one path to pursue her career ambition to “democratize A. I.,” now that the software and data ingredients are ripe. “We wouldn’t have the current era of A. I. without the big data revolution,” Dr. Li said. “It’s the digital gold. ” In the A. I. race, better software algorithms can put you ahead for a year or so, but probably no more, said Andrew Ng, a former Google scientist and adjunct professor at Stanford. He is now chief scientist at Baidu, the Chinese internet search giant, and a leading figure in artificial intelligence research. Rivals, he added, cannot unlock or simulate your data. “Data is the defensible barrier, not algorithms,” Mr. Ng said."
158,17465,Russian Hackers Find Ready Bullhorns in the Media - The New York Times,New York Times,Max Fisher,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"As the dust settles on Russian interference in the United States election, journalists are confronting an aspect that has received less scrutiny than the hacking itself but poses its own thorny questions: Moscow’s ability to steer Western media coverage by doling out hacked documents. Reporters have always relied on sources who provide critical information for   reasons. The duty, tricky but familiar, is to publicize information that serves the public interest without falling prey to the source’s agenda. But in this case, the source was Russia’s military intelligence agency, the G. R. U.  —   operating through shadowy fronts who worked to mask that fact  —   and its agenda was to undermine the American presidential election. By releasing documents that would tarnish Hillary Clinton and other American political figures, but whose news value compelled coverage, Moscow exploited the very openness that is the basis of a free press. Its tactics have evolved with each such operation, some of which are still unfolding. Thomas Rid, a professor of security studies at King’s College London who is tracking the Russian influence campaign, said it goes well beyond hacking: “It’s political engineering, social engineering on a strategic level. ” Great powers have long meddled in one another’s affairs. But Russia, throughout 2016, developed a previously unseen tactic: setting up fronts to seed into the press documents it had obtained by hacking. “Doing public relations work in order to get the hacked material out as an exclusive story with the Daily Caller or Gawker or the Smoking Gun, that is new,” Mr. Rid said. That public relations work was initially done by two web presences that appeared this summer, Guccifer 2. 0 and DCLeaks, each posing as   in the mold of Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks chief. Though neither acknowledged it, and the links were not immediately known, online security experts later concluded that both were Russian fronts. Guccifer 2. 0 claimed to be a Romanian ”freedom fighter” who had hacked the Democratic National Committee. Using Twitter’s private message service, the account conducted weekslong exchanges with journalists, pointing them to certain documents that had been hacked from the D. N. C. and other targets. “Whoever is doing this understands media. They understand the way that media works and how to manipulate media,” said Sheera Frenkel, a BuzzFeed News reporter who interacted with the fronts throughout the summer. DCLeaks, established separately and with its own sets of hacked documents, claimed to be “launched by the American hacktivists who respect and appreciate freedom of speech. ” The fronts sold the act by peppering their messages with slang and emojis. When Ms. Frenkel asked Guccifer whether it would release more D. N. C. documents, the reply came, “Yeah baby :)” Journalists who interacted with the accounts say their tone and facility with English varied widely, suggesting each was run by multiple users. A reporter with Motherboard, a technology site, quizzed Guccifer on the technical aspects of the hacking and on rudimentary Romanian. Guccifer failed both, lending credence to theories that it was a front. Those suspicions were initially restricted to security experts, trickling out only after firms such as ThreatConnect were able to unmask the fronts in detailed reports. In July, for instance, DCLeaks published emails belonging to retired Air Force Gen. Philip Breedlove. The Intercept, a   site, covered the emails in a story that portrayed Mr. Breedlove as trying to foment hostility against Russia. The story did not note Russian links to the hack. Its lead author, Lee Fang, said he had no interactions with DCLeaks and pointed out that the group’s suspected Russian ties were not widely publicized at that time. Some reporters were offered documents exclusively, a familiar tactic of government press offices and public relations firms that want to shape coverage. In September, DCLeaks contacted Peter Hasson, a reporter at the Daily Caller, a   site, with an offer:   access to hacked emails belonging to Colin Powell, the former secretary of state. The Daily Caller’s story also did not note the growing belief that the documents had been hacked by Russia and leaked as part of an influence operation. Mr. Hasson said he was unaware of the alleged Russian links at the time. After awareness grew, the front organizations dropped the pretense. The newest group called itself Fancy Bears Hack Team  —   a breathtakingly overt reference to “fancy bear,” the name that some Western security groups use for G. R. U. hackers. Tom Cheshire, a reporter with the British network Sky News who has dealt with Fancy Bears, said they behaved “almost more like a P. R. firm, really” and were “very businesslike,” doling out scoops and trying to shape coverage. “It’s the sort of horse trading you do with all sorts of sources, really,” Mr. Cheshire said, hitting on a key to the operation’s impact: the way that it played within the bounds of established journalistic norms. Any leak by any source  —   Russian agent or citizen    —   poses a similar set of quandaries for reporters. Do you emphasize the hacking itself in your coverage, knowing that this will undercut the source’s agenda but could also be a disservice to readers by putting less focus on newsworthy information in the release? Do you withhold newsworthy documents, even only temporarily, to check their veracity and provenance? What if they have already been reported by other outlets that were shown the documents first? If they did turn out to be hacked as part of a hostile foreign operation, does that really make their contents less newsworthy? These are old questions for journalists, but they have taken on new urgency with the scale of Russia’s hackings and aims. Though the calculus of reporting on   leaks may be familiar, one aspect of the Russian operation stands out: the lengths to which the fronts go to mask their identities and motives. Because the internet gives any outlet the potential to reach millions, all it takes is one   leak to send the document flying across the web. Last year,   hackers infiltrated the United States   Agency, most likely in retaliation for accusations of   doping among Russia’s Olympic athletes. But Fancy Bears struggled to place the stolen documents with American or British outlets. Reporters who saw the files said their news value did not outweigh the risk of serving Russian interests. When Fancy Bears offered the files to The Associated Press, the reporters instead published a story on the   group itself. Fancy Bears ultimately persuaded sportswriters with Spiegel, a prominent German outlet, to report on emails that appeared to show American athletes requesting medical exceptions to take restricted drugs. The article noted a possible Russian link only in the final lines, alongside a quote from an American official arguing that the leak was intended to distract from   doping. If mainstream outlets pass on a hacking,   fronts can always pass the documents to peripheral outfits who will lend them less weight but can still send them across social media. That has often included the website InfoWars, which was founded by the   radio host Alex Jones and often publishes conspiracy theories. Guccifer 2. 0 approached Mikael Thalen, a writer for InfoWars, with D. N. C. documents that showed Democrats’ plans for attacking Paul Manafort, a campaign manager to Donald J. Trump who had worked on behalf of the   Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych, a Kremlin ally. Mr. Thalen had come to believe, after many interactions with the front groups, that they “would reach out based on who would best carry the story the way they wanted it carried. ” He feared that Moscow was hoping InfoWars, by publishing the files, would muddy the water around accusations against Mr. Manafort, indirectly aiding Mr. Trump’s   campaign. Breaking with InfoWars’ usual reliance on such files, he declined to publish the documents. Because everyone has secrets, even if it’s only a few embarrassing personal emails, and because no network is impenetrable, skilled hackers can dig up compromising material on virtually any target. Democracies, which give privilege to competitive politics and free media, are particularly susceptible. “An open society is by choice more vulnerable than a closed society to some form of influence operation,” said Mr. Rid. “That is why we’re strong, but it’s also why we’re weak. ” The more that journalists and readers understand the motivations of foreign government leakers, he argued, the better they will be able to place those leaks in context, undercutting the hackers’ agenda without hiding newsworthy information. He compared this to a healthy body developing antibodies against a disease  —   foreign influence operations  —   that cannot be wholly immunized against while maintaining democratic openness. Still, some media trends  —   polarization, fake news, the   nature of social media  —   cut against those hopes. “This polarized election presented itself as a target of opportunity of the first order,” Mr. Rid said. Reporters may at times be hindered by a lack of transparency between media organizations, which are often highly competitive and prize speed and scoops. This has left reporters vulnerable because they cannot easily pool lessons on spotting foreign operations or, say, warn one another that a certain front is exaggerating the newsworthiness of its latest leak. “The more light shone on this, the more information you have when dealing with a source, the better decisions you’re going to make,” Mr. Cheshire said. Mr. Thalen, the InfoWars reporter, said he was increasingly turning down leaks that he knows his audience would read avidly and reward with acclaim, but that he considered exaggerated to advance Russian interests. Still, he was unsure it had made much difference. “A lot of people have swayed their reporting with their biases, and I didn’t want to do that,” he said. “People are believing what they want to be true. ”"
159,17466,‘What’s the Big Deal?’ Ask Trump Voters on Russia Hacking Report - The New York Times,New York Times,Campbell Robertson and Mitch Smith,2017-01-08,2017.0,1.0,,"COVINGTON, La.  —   “Sour grapes,” explained Bob Marino, 79, weighing in on the recent spycraft bombshell from the corner table of a local McDonald’s. “Sour grapes,” agreed Roger Noel, 65, sitting next to him. “Bunch of crybabies,” Reed Guidry, 64, offered from across the table. The subject of conversation was the report released by United States intelligence chiefs on Friday informing   Donald J. Trump of their unanimous conclusion that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia ordered an extensive, but covert, cyberoperation to help Mr. Trump win the election. The Russians had hacked and leaked emails, unleashed “trolls” on social media and used their “  propaganda machine” to spread stories harmful to Hillary Clinton. In Washington, the report was viewed as extraordinary, both for its timing, raising sharp questions about the  ’s legitimacy on the verge of his taking office, and for its assertions, describing the operation as Russia’s boldest effort yet to meddle with American elections, to spread discontent and to “undermine the U. S.  democratic order. ” But interviews with Trump supporters here in Louisiana, a state the   won by 20 points, and in Indiana, a state he won by nearly the same margin, found opinions about the report that ranged from general indifference to outright derision. “From the parts of the report I’ve seen,” said Rob Maness, a retired Air Force colonel who twice ran for Senate here as Tea Party favorite, “it seems silly. ” There are genuine concerns about Russia’s cyberoperations, he said, but the notion that they changed the outcome of the election was absurd. (The report made no determination on how they affected the election.) Of the comments he had seen from fellow Trump supporters on Facebook and in emails, he added, “90 percent of them are like, ‘What’s the big deal? ’” The Russians may have very well gotten involved, several people said. They added that kind of interference should be combated. But many assumed that foreign actors had long tried to play favorites in American elections, and that the United States had done the same in other countries’ elections. Even if the Russians did do it  —   which some were more willing to concede than others  —   what difference did it make? People did not need the Russians to make up their minds about Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Trump’s election opponent. Blaming her loss on the Russians was, as one Trump supporter here said, “just being sore losers. ” “I don’t think the Russians posed as big a problem to the Clintons as the Clintons posed to themselves,” said Paul Emenes, 49, while he sold ribs, shoulders and chops at a frigid outdoor farmers’ market in Covington. Russian hacking was concerning, sure, Mr. Emenes said. He added that, as long as Mr. Trump was not involved himself, “it doesn’t change the way I view him. ” Tina Gunaldo, 44, taking blankets off the citrus trees in her Mandeville, La. front yard after the previous night’s frost, had a similar attitude. “Trump is Trump,” she said. “Do I think he’s going to become more of a friend to Russia because of this? No I don’t. I think  —   I hope  —   his focus will be on making America great again. ” Ms. Gunaldo would not reveal whom she voted for, but she did say Mr. Trump’s slogan resonated with her. It apparently resonated quite widely in this parish, which he won by more than 50 points. But it was a quiet support, she said. She knew of only one yard in the whole subdivision with a sign. That yard belonged to Thurston Yates Sr. “I don’t believe it,” Mr. Yates, 78, said flatly of the intelligence report. He was standing in the yard under his “Make America Great Again” flag, which he bought at a gun show several months ago. “Why would Putin even want Trump?” Mr. Yates, who is retired from a career in pharmaceutical sales, was not concerned about what Mr. Trump might do in office, but said he was deeply alarmed about what President Obama might do before he leaves office. It was Mr. Obama who was too soft on Russia, who let Mr. Putin get away with things, Mr. Yates continued. Mr. Trump would be much tougher. But Mr. Yates then added: “Why is everybody so afraid of Russia? I’m not against Putin. ” This last sentiment was not uncommon. Even among those who were troubled by the hacks, few felt that Russia was a serious threat. The country was “a basket case,” and not the powerful foe it once was, said Mr. Marino, from his seat at McDonald’s. Others said that North Korea, the Islamic State and China were the real threats. Russia could even be a potential ally in some fights, suggested Valarie Kubacki, 54, a real estate broker in Valparaiso, Ind. Ms. Kubacki said she perceived Russia as “somewhere in the middle” between friend and enemy, but agreed with Mr. Trump that the United States could work with them to defeat the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. “We may have to line up with people who may not be our ‘friend’ to make that happen,” she said. That those on the right seemed to be warming to Russia was not seen as a particularly unusual development, though some joked about the incongruity of the left putting such faith in the Central Intelligence Agency. As they watched their son skate with his Boy Scout group at the public ice rink in downtown Valparaiso, Monty and Mary Willis, both registered Republicans, considered the ramifications of the intelligence report. “The idea of a fair election” had been placed in doubt, Ms. Willis said. “We were concerned about money being involved in the election. Now you’re talking about espionage. ” The Willises, who both work in real estate, might be Republicans, but they were not Trump voters. In fact, they had last voted for a Republican presidential candidate in 2008, when Senator John McCain of Arizona ran. The party seemed to have changed in recent years, they said. And the incoming administration had them deeply worried. “Our president being in cahoots with the Russian government?” Mr. Willis said. “Yes, I’m very concerned about that. ” In Louisiana, David Gubert, 56,   Eagle 20 cigarettes in the cab of his pickup, with stacks of firewood for sale behind him in the bed. Like the Willises, he ruminated on what it would mean if the Russians had gotten involved, and possibly even swung the election. But Mr. Gubert came to a different conclusion. “If that’s what it took,” he said, “I’m glad they did it. ”"
160,17467,"After Fort Lauderdale Shooting, Rumor of Second Gunman Created Chaos - The New York Times",New York Times,Lizette Alvarez,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"MIAMI  —   By the time Donald Robertson, a retired architect, arrived at Fort   International Airport’s Terminal 1 on Friday afternoon, the mass shooting in Terminal 2, which left five people dead, had been over for at least an hour. The accused gunman, Esteban Santiago, was in police custody and the airport had largely returned to its normal rhythm  —   passengers were noshing, charging their phones, watching television. Things were so sedate that Mr. Robertson did not even realize there had been a shooting. But as he made his way past the gate, Mr. Robertson looked up and saw a “stampede” of people, including what looked like law enforcement agents, racing toward him. “It was tremendous,” he said. “It was like a herd reacting. Everyone around me was diving under chairs. ” A rumor about a possible second gunman had spread across the airport, via social media, news sites and word of mouth. People panicked and the airport was shut down, a turn of events that upended what had seemed like an orderly finale to a tragic afternoon. What followed that single rumor was a rush of terror for travelers and airport workers as they fled to the tarmac, were separated from loved ones, injured themselves in the tumult, hid in kitchens and storage rooms and hunkered down behind luggage trucks. Chaos and uncertainty unfolded over the next 12 hours. Through it all, travelers said, they were frustrated every step of the way by the dearth of information about whether they were safe, where to go once the airport was shut down and how they could retrieve the thousands of items  —   23, 000 according to a tally by airport officials  —   that were scattered across terminals. For the thousands who fled the terminals, seeking refuge on the tarmac or hiding wherever they could, food and water quickly became scarce. Bathrooms were nonexistent. Passengers on some planes that were either preparing to take off or trying to reach a gate were stuck on board for up to seven hours. Travelers said that some level of pandemonium is to be expected after a shooting, and they praised law enforcement for the swift response. But it was the aftermath of the rumor, which was debunked relatively quickly, that left them bewildered and angry. “Nobody gave us information, and as time went on, we were treated more and more like suspects,” Mr. Robertson said, referring to the   by law enforcement and orders for people to raise their hands as they walked from the airport down side roads. “When they decided to clear the terminal  —   that created terror. And it was real terror. People were really, really, really terrified and crying. ” Sheriff Scott Israel of Broward County, Fla. said he issued the order to close the entire airport as a safety precaution after he received information that “perhaps gunfire had happened and an active shooter was in another terminal. ” At that point, he said, the safety of the people at the airport was paramount. “I made a decision to clear the airport,” Sheriff Israel said in an interview. “I worked with our SWAT team and other SWAT teams to clear the entire airport and the parking garage to make sure we didn’t have any other active shooter. It was a voluminous undertaking and we did it, as horrific and horrible as this scene was. ” Until that point, he said, the plan was by the book. “Had the misinformation of the active shooter not surfaced,” he said, “we would have had buses to the airport within 30 minutes. ” Sheriff Israel said he could not remember how long it took to confirm there was no second gunman. The authorities debunked the rumor about 30 to 45 minutes after it had started to spread, raising questions about whether the airport could have been reopened right away. By then, law enforcement was already sweeping the airport and garages. It is still unclear how the rumor began. Several travelers said in interviews that they heard what they believed to be gunshots in Terminal 3, something that sounded like loud pops. Sheriff Israel said that he was told somebody saw a bloody person and assumed a second gunman was loose. Providing accurate information to passengers and airport and airline staff members also proved challenging. Law enforcement typically can access wireless emergency alerts  —   the system that sends Amber Alerts  —   but alerts were not used to inform people that the danger had passed or instruct them on what to do next. Some airports have internal communication systems for employees to send important messages. It is unknown whether this was in place at the Fort Lauderdale airport. Instead, news, accurate and otherwise, traveled through word of mouth or was gleaned from cellphones. “Airports can put out messages to employees, and that is important because passengers will tend to follow directions from uniformed employees in the know,” said Douglas Mansel, the aviation security manager at Oakland International Airport in Oakland, Calif. All airports have emergency plans approved by the Federal Aviation Administration, including for   scenarios. The Fort Lauderdale airport’s director, Mark E. Gale, was not available to comment on airport protocols or on how events unfolded on Friday. Sheriff Israel said that communication proved tricky. With so many people spread out across different areas, including on the tarmac and in garages, it was hard to get information out. “I tried to tell as many people verbally,” he said. “Communication is critical, but there is no way to communicate to thousands. ” Anne Buongiorno, 56, who was visiting from Canada, had to evacuate Terminal 2 twice. The first time, after the shooting, she and her    daughter jumped under a seat, their hands over their heads. Her husband was in the bathroom. Terrified, they followed a surge of people down a staircase, but people were shoving one another. She fell down and broke her rib. She and her daughter ended up on the tarmac and were told to lie on the ground near a luggage truck. A while later, they were told to go back inside. A similar scenario played out as the report spread of the possible second gunman. Ms. Buongiorno said she again wound up among thousands of people on the tarmac. Clusters of people ran back and forth, fleeing what they feared was a threat as the rumor took hold. Ms. Buongiorno hid behind a truck and waited nearly for five hours before being led to a hangar and later put on a bus for the cruise port. Nobody gave her information about where to go, so she used to iPad to find a hotel, got in a long line for a cab and went there. The next day, she was back at the airport waiting for word about how to get her belongings and fly back to Canada. “It was the first time in my life I was so afraid,” she said, her voice quavering at the memory. “I’m afraid still. When I heard somebody talk over there, I’m afraid. ” Others joined the long line of people who were told to walk out of the airport along a set of railroad tracks, which skirted a marshy area. A few who had tried to avoid the mayhem by jumping a fence were confronted by law enforcement officers with pointed guns. Those who had luggage dragged it along. Officers sometimes issued contradictory orders  —   people directed to one location were told by officers there to go back where they came from. Along the way, law enforcement personnel ordered people to raise their arms and sometimes frisked them as they filed by  —   a common precaution, security experts said, but one that alarmed some. “They were patting us down like there was another shooter,” said Melody Dorward, 22, of Ohio, who walked the railroad tracks. “I felt traumatized. Not safe. ”"
161,17468,Experts Hesitate to Link Florida Airport Attack to PTSD - The New York Times,New York Times,Dave Philipps,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"Family members say that Esteban Santiago, the suspect in the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting in which five people were killed, seemed troubled when he came back from military service in Iraq. His brother described him as “more furious” after his deployment in 2010 with a Puerto Rico National Guard unit. His aunt said that after coming home, Mr. Santiago “lost his mind. ” After Mr. Santiago’s arrest in the shooting, emerging details of his military service led some to blame the rampage on the   mind of a veteran haunted by   stress disorder, a common pattern when veterans are arrested in violent crimes. But experts not connected to Mr. Santiago’s mental health treatment say it may be a mistake to blame PTSD. Mr. Santiago, who served for eight years in the National Guard and Army Reserve and saw combat in Iraq in 2010, exhibited symptoms that do not appear to fit the disorder, they say, and more closely resemble schizophrenia, a condition unrelated to military service. Mr. Santiago’s family said he reported hearing voices and had other hallucinations, but said he was never given a diagnosis of PTSD. In November, he walked into an F. B. I. office in Alaska and told agents that his mind was being controlled by a United States intelligence agency. “The delusions, the hallucinations are far more consistent with psychosis than PTSD,” said Dr. Donald C. Goff, a psychiatrist at New York University and a leading expert on schizophrenia. “So is the timing of the onset. ” Mr. Santiago deployed to Iraq when he was 20 years old, which is the age when many males with schizophrenia begin to exhibit symptoms, Dr. Goff said, cautioning that he could not comment on Mr. Santiago specifically without reviewing his medical records. “Generally, it’s in the first year of college or military service, or some other stressful event, that we see schizophrenia,” he said. “It’s not that deployment is the cause of the psychosis, but the stress may contribute to the symptoms coming out. ” The level of stress Mr. Santiago experienced on deployment is unclear. He went to Iraq with the Puerto Rico National Guard’s 1013th Engineering Company, and was charged with keeping highways clear of roadside bombs. Violence had dropped drastically in the country by 2010 nonetheless, two soldiers in his company were killed by a roadside bomb. After his tour, Mr. Santiago was awarded the Combat Action Badge, which is given only to service members who are actively engaged with the enemy. “There is nothing to say that a person can’t have psychosis and PTSD,” said Claude M. Chemtob, a professor of psychology at New York University who has studied the link between PTSD and aggression. But, he said, the two disorders are characterized by different symptoms. PTSD sufferers can struggle with anxiety, sleeplessness, flashbacks and anger. In rare cases, the disorder results in increased violence and aggressiveness. But paranoid delusions are not typical. “That is a cardinal symptom of psychosis,” Dr. Chemtob said. “But inevitably people’s prejudice toward veterans is going to lead them to emphasize PTSD. ” Veterans have complained that too often they are labeled with the disorder, and that ascribing all violent acts among veterans to the psychological scars of war perpetuates damaging stereotypes. Many have argued that is what happened with Eddie Ray Routh, the    former Marine corporal who killed Chris Kyle, a member of the Navy SEALs and the author of “American Sniper,” in 2013. Mr. Routh’s medical records revealed he had persistent delusions that he was being devoured from the inside by parasites, and that his   were pig people who wanted to eat him, but a doctor at a veterans hospital gave him a diagnosis of PTSD. Veterans have struggled with the reputation for being dangerously unstable since at least the Vietnam War. The stigma was stoked in part by Hollywood narratives like “Rambo,” and is still pervasive today, said Bill Rausch, the executive director of Got Your 6, a nonprofit group that tracks the public image of veterans. According to a survey by the group in 2016, 83 percent of respondents said they believed veterans were more likely to have mental health problems. Respondents also said they thought veterans were more likely to be unemployed and abuse drugs. In fact, in terms of employment and drug use, the opposite is true. “The public sees veterans as broken, and they often shape the narrative to fit their perceptions,” Mr. Rausch said. When the news of the Fort Lauderdale shooting broke, he said: “My first thought was that I hoped no one was hurt. My second was that I hoped it wasn’t a veteran because I knew if they were, it would spark a simplified explanation that would never happen with a civilian, tying everything back to war. ” After telling the F. B. I. in November that his mind was being controlled, Mr. Santiago was taken to a civilian psychiatric hospital. The law prevents patients from being held involuntarily if they are not an imminent threat to themselves or others. Mr. Santiago was released after four days. “Anyone who has ever known someone with mental illness knows it’s extremely complicated and hard to deal with,” Mr. Rausch said. “Blaming on military experience keeps us from having a real conversation about how to fix things. This isn’t a veteran problem, it’s an American problem. ”"
162,17469,"At Dylann Roof’s Trial, a Question of How Many Tears Are Too Many - The New York Times",New York Times,Kevin Sack and Alan Blinder,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"CHARLESTON, S. C.  —   The federal trial to determine whether Dylann S. Roof will receive the death penalty for his murderous rampage at an   church has become a delicate balancing act, pitting the desire of prosecutors to convey the fullness of grief for the nine devout victims against the due process rights of an unrepentant white supremacist who largely declines to defend himself. In three days of   testimony last week, prosecutors questioned 20 spouses, children, grandchildren and friends of the victims to draw painfully poignant portraits of men and women who were pillars of their church, families and community. Jurors heard not only the tributes of the bereaved but in some cases the voices of the dead  —   recordings of the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney lecturing proudly about the   history of Emanuel A. M. E. Church, the Rev. DePayne Middleton Doctor booming a soulful a cappella solo, the Rev. Sharonda   praying in a crescendo at the funeral of a friend. The government’s lawyers called two or three witnesses to render a portrait of each victim testimony about one of the deceased  —   the youngest,    Tywanza Sanders  —   remains for Monday. The prosecution plans to rest its case that day, and Mr. Roof, who is representing himself, has said he will not call any witnesses. Closing arguments are expected on Tuesday. Mr. Roof, 22, stared straight ahead or down at the defense table, avoiding eye contact with witnesses who lost composure on the stand and jurors who sometimes dabbed away tears. When a prosecutor would conclude his gentle questioning, which could draw on for more than an hour, Judge Richard M. Gergel of Federal District Court would call for  . Mr. Roof, dressed in a   sweater and slacks, would rise slightly from his seat and announce: “No questions. ” That dynamic has prompted a series of challenges by Mr. Roof, and pointed exchanges between Judge Gergel and David I. Bruck, the veteran,   capital defender whom Mr. Roof has sidelined, about how much is too much. “It is not fair to allow that much testimony to be heard by the jury when I am not presenting any evidence  —   from my family or anyone else  —   in mitigation,” Mr. Roof argued on Wednesday in a motion that Judge Gergel denied. “If I don’t present any mitigation evidence, the   evidence will take over the whole sentencing trial and guarantee that I get the death penalty. ” Found guilty in December on 33 counts, including 18 that carry a potential death sentence, Mr. Roof has rejected Mr. Bruck’s strategy of presenting evidence about his background and mental health that might mitigate against his execution. The lawyer has been relegated to the role of standby counsel, allowed to sit beside Mr. Roof and offer guidance but not to question witnesses or to object to the government’s evidence. The usually   Mr. Bruck has not been able to contain his frustration. At several points last week, with the jury out of the courtroom, he pleaded with Judge Gergel to rein in the prosecution and to empower him to object to testimony. “This is sentencing it is not a memorial service,” said Mr. Bruck, who has often expressed his admiration for the victims and his sorrow for their families. “It has become a runaway freight train. ” Mr. Bruck told Judge Gergel that Mr. Roof did not have the capacity or courage to offer objections and consistently ignored the suggestions he passed along in notes. He said he had advised Mr. Roof to move for a mistrial. Judge Gergel has had none of it. He lectured Mr. Bruck that he had twice held competency hearings and determined that Mr. Roof met the legal thresholds to stand trial and represent himself, a constitutional right. “I have not noticed the bashfulness to make an objection any time he feels it appropriate,” the judge told Mr. Bruck on Friday. He asked Mr. Roof if he felt uncomfortable doing so. “No,” Mr. Roof replied, saying no more. The judge has, however, cautioned Julius N. Richardson, an assistant United States attorney, to restrict the number of victim impact witnesses and the length of their testimony. “At some point it’s too much,” Judge Gergel said. “I’m worried about the cumulative effect. ” Yet, he also acknowledged the emotion of the memories offered from the stand. “There is no antiseptic way to do this,” he said. Although they gradually acceded to Judge Gergel’s suggestion to “streamline” their case, prosecutors have argued that the scale of the massacre justified a large number of witnesses. “He is the one who chose to kill nine people,” Mr. Richardson said of Mr. Roof, who, according to testimony, wore shoes to a closed hearing last week bearing a   symbol of white supremacy. “He is the one who chose to go into a church to do it, and he’s the one who chose to do it to particularly good people. ” Impact statements at capital trials  —   and the legal questions surrounding them  —   rose to prominence in the 1980s as victims’ rights advocates won public support, including the passage of a law that altered the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. But in 1987, the United States Supreme Court ruled that such evidence in capital cases was a “constitutionally unacceptable risk. ” Four years later, it reversed that position when it ruled in Payne v. Tennessee. “Victim impact evidence is simply another form or method of informing the sentencing authority about the specific harm caused by the crime in question,” Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist wrote for the    majority. Such evidence has become a staple of capital proceedings. Before Timothy McVeigh was sentenced to death for the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, which killed 168 people, prosecutors called 38 victim impact witnesses, Mr. Roof noted in a motion. More than a dozen testified at the 2015 trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, who received the death penalty for the Boston Marathon attack that left three people dead and more than 250 wounded. Researchers have repeatedly found that such evidence has substantial effects on jurors who are weighing capital punishment. Mr. Roof’s choice to not call witnesses means that jurors will “not hear that evidence which tends to dampen the emotional effect” of grieving relatives, said Scott E. Sundby, a law professor at the University of Miami who has studied juror behavior in capital cases. Victim impact witnesses cannot, by law, opine about the penalty they prefer. But the jurors in Charleston have heard stories of intense suffering and loss, one after another. Prosecutors began by eliciting heartfelt reminiscences of family gatherings and final conversations, then pivoted to the excruciating moments of discovery after the killings of June 17, 2015. “I dropped the phone and just started jumping and fell on the floor and stayed there for two hours,” recalled Bethane Middleton Brown, Ms. Doctor’s sister. “I couldn’t move. ” Jurors saw an affecting video of Chris Singleton, the son of Ms.   rapping a tribute to his charismatic mother: “Took your life in the middle of the church, and I just pray, Mama, that you weren’t hurt. ” They heard Malcolm R. Graham, a former North Carolina state senator, describe the deep void left by the death of his sister, Cynthia Hurd, a longtime county librarian who served as his mentor and political guide. “I’m alive, I’m fit, but something is missing,” he said. “I can’t go to the store and replace it. I can’t reinvent it. ” Walter Jackson Jr. seemed to find cruel irony in his grandmother Susie Jackson’s being taken in a hate crime. “She was 87 when she passed, and that’s someone who’s gone through racism, discrimination, segregation,” he said. “Yet she was still that kind of person who still had that unconditional love for everyone. ” Daniel L. Simmons Jr. told of his initial bewilderment that his father, the Rev. Daniel Simmons Sr. a    Vietnam veteran with a license to carry a concealed weapon, had not done more to protect the churchgoers as he always had his family. He got his answer after receiving the keys to his father’s car from the coroner and finding the gun inside. “When I opened the car, it was sitting on the front seat,” Mr. Simmons said. “He took it off before he went to church. ” Death penalty critics complain that the testimony here has traded on the inherent nobility of the victims to advance what they consider the most ignoble of punishments, one that many members of the families say they oppose. They note the paradox that a death sentence for Mr. Roof may bolster support for maintaining a penalty that has been inflicted disproportionately on  . Some said the impact evidence may produce grounds for an appeal. Henderson Hill, a lawyer who founded the Center for Death Penalty Litigation and who attended the proceedings last week, said the tenor amounted to “a whistle for a life for a life. ” “This is so far past the pale of what is acceptable practice that I find it just unrecognizable as a capital sentencing proceeding,” he said. “I’ve never seen this kind of celebration of life, even in black churches where the traditions are that services go on forever. ”"
163,17471,‘La La Land’ Wins Seven Golden Globes ‘Moonlight’ Wins Best Drama - The New York Times,New York Times,Brooks Barnes and Cara Buckley,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"• The record seven awards for the musical “La La Land” included for best picture comedy or musical and wins by Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone. “Moonlight” won for best picture drama. • Meryl Streep gave an impassioned, politically charged speech after receiving the Cecil B. DeMille Award. • Casey Affleck, Viola Davis, Isabelle Huppert and Tracee Ellis Ross also won awards. Here is a list of the winners. • And in TV categories, “The Crown” and “Atlanta” were triumphant. • Wesley Morris, Melena Ryzik and Dave Itzkoff provided   commentary. And The Times was also on the red carpet. The     “La La Land” dominated the 74th Golden Globes on Sunday, receiving a promotional boost in the form of a lavish tribute that kicked off the awards telecast and collecting a record seven prizes, including one for best comedy or musical. No film has won more than four Globes since 1979, when the crime drama “Midnight Express” received six, the previous   number. “I’m in a daze now officially,” said the force behind “La La Land,” Damien Chazelle, 31, as he accepted the directing award. Noting the “La La Land” plot  —     dreamers try to make it in show business  —   Emma Stone said in accepting the award for best actress in a musical or comedy, “I think that hope and creativity are two of the most important things in the world, and that’s what this movie is about. ” “La La Land,” made by Lionsgate, also won Globes for song, score, screenplay and actor. The bliss felt by the “La La Land” cast and crew was likely mirrored by the disappointment of those involved with “Moonlight,” the night’s    film. Despite six nominations, “Moonlight,” about a young black man growing up in Miami, received a lone trophy  —   albeit an important one: best drama. “Please, tell a friend, tell a friend, tell a friend,” Barry Jenkins, the director of “Moonlight,” said in accepting the award, trying to boost the art film’s box office performance. A year after Hollywood was excoriated for its lack of diversity at the Oscars, inclusion was a major theme on Sunday. “This is for all of the women of color and colorful people whose stories, ideas, thoughts are not always considered worthy,” said Tracee Ellis Ross, as she accepted the best television actress Globe for her role in the ABC series “ . ” “I want you to know that I see you. We see you. ” Ms. Ross was the first black woman to win in the category since 1983, when Debbie Allen won for “Fame. ” There were several surprises. Isabelle Huppert took best actress in a drama for the French film “Elle,” beating Natalie Portman, who was favored to win for “Jackie. ” (“Elle,” a thriller about a businesswoman who tracks her rapist, also won best foreign film.) The foreign journalists who bestow the Globes are known for spreading their awards far and wide, but several films received nothing, including “Florence Foster Jenkins,” “Lion,” “Hacksaw Ridge” and “Hell or High Water. ” “Manchester by the Sea,” despite five nominations, was honored only in the best actor category for Casey Affleck. HBO, despite 14 nominations, the most of any network, was shut out altogether. The first award of the night, for best supporting actor, dropped jaws: Aaron   won for his performance in Tom Ford’s   “Nocturnal Animals,” beating favorites like Mahershala Ali of “Moonlight. ” “I made it  —   thank you,” Mr.   said, looking a bit startled. To the surprise of almost no one, Viola Davis took the supporting actress prize for playing a 1950s homemaker in “Fences. ” After doling out two kisses, one to her husband and one to Denzel Washington, who directed “Fences” and stars in it, Ms. Davis thanked its producers for taking a risk on the film. “It doesn’t scream moneymaker,” she said. “But it does scream art. It does scream heart. ” Early television awards were widely distributed. The   FX series “Atlanta,” about an aspiring rapper and his manager cousin, was honored as best comedy and Donald Glover won for best comedic actor for his performance in the show. Beating the likes of Rami Malek (“Mr. Robot”) and Bob Odenkirk (“Better Call Saul”) for best actor in a drama was Billy Bob Thornton, honored for his performance in “Goliath,” a show with little buzz. Best actress in a TV drama went to Claire Foy, who plays a young Queen Elizabeth II in Netflix’s “The Crown,” which won for best dramatic series. As expected, “The People vs. O. J. Simpson: Crime Story” was named best   and Sarah Paulson, repeating her win at the Emmys, collected a trophy for her portrayal of the prosecutor Marcia Clark in that show. A   Ms. Paulson was showered with hugs from   as she returned to her seat. The night got off to a jerky start. After the host, Jimmy Fallon, opened the show with the taped “La La Land”  number, he became befuddled after a teleprompter malfunction. Still, he kept it breezy. “Let’s make tonight a celebration,” Mr. Fallon said in his monologue. Despite promises in preshow interviews to zing Donald J. Trump ahead of his inauguration, Mr. Fallon even kept his political jokes to a minimum. “One of the few places left where America still honors the popular vote,” he said, almost in a mumble. For casual movie fans, the annual Oscar race starts with the Globes. (Oscar nomination ballots are due on Friday.) But the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, the group behind the Globes, has worked in recent years to make its television honors more relevant by leaning toward rookie shows like “The Affair” and “Transparent. ” Hollywood stylists spent most of the week fretting about the weather forecast. For days, it looked like torrential rain would threaten a repeat of the 2010 Globes ceremony, when the red carpet turned into a swamp. On Sunday, however, Angelenos awakened to “another day of sun,” to borrow a lyric from “La La Land. ” When Meryl Streep, a   Globes nominee and   winner, accepted her Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement award, she gave an impassioned speech that, while never mentioning Mr. Trump by name, was a clear reaction to the election. “Take your broken heart, make it into art,” she said, quoting Carrie Fisher. Mr. Trump, in a brief telephone interview, said that he had not watched the Globes or Ms. Streep’s speech, but that he was “not surprised” that she and some other entertainment figures had criticized him during the Hollywood event. “Meryl Streep introduced Hillary Clinton at her convention, and a lot of these people supported Hillary,” Mr. Trump said, referring to Ms. Streep’s remarks at the Democratic National Convention last summer on behalf of Mrs. Clinton. While winners steered away from directly criticizing Mr. Trump, several used their moment onstage to take clear jabs. The British actor Hugh Laurie, collecting a   actor award for “The Night Manager,” said: “I can say I won this at the   Golden Globes. I mean, it has the words ‘Hollywood,’ “Foreign’ and ‘Press’ in it. ” He added, “I also think to some Republicans, even the word ‘Association’ is sketchy. ” Some Trump supporters, either anticipating the barbs or irritated that many Hollywood stars have been outspoken in their horror at his election, made #BoycottGoldenGlobes trend on Twitter early on Sunday. The Golden Globes are great fun, and so is its red carpet. Among this year’s first arrivals were the Stallone sisters, this year’s Miss Golden Globes, shepherded about by their father Sylvester’s     publicist no buttering up of reporters. A news crew from Canada was promised a question with the sisters but then told “They need to go do Twitter” first. Issa Rae and Donald Glover were among the luminaries who admitted to feeling slightly intimidated to being there. Mr. Glover said he really wanted to meet Ms. Davis, and that he was still shocked at the huge response to “Atlanta,” his FX series. “It was supposed to be a punk show,” he said. “And they screened it at A. F. I. and Scorsese was laughing. ” Ms. Rae, of the HBO show “Insecure,” said she was still adjusting to her growing fame. “I’m an introvert, I barely leave the house,” she said. “To be out here is a blessing but I’m like: ‘Wow, guys. It’s just me. ” Even though Netflix has upended the TV industry, that streaming service had never won in the best drama or comedy category at the Globes (and the Emmys, for that matter). That changed this year with “The Crown,”  which was named best drama. Claire Foy, who plays Queen Elizabeth, won for best actress in a drama. “The Crown” beat out “Stranger Things,” also from Netflix “Westworld,” the HBO series that practically requires a Ph. D. to understand it NBC’s   “This Is Us” and HBO’s “Game of Thrones. ” Another closely watched television race was for best comedic actress, where Ms. Ross beat out some stiff competition to become the first black woman to win in the category since Debbie Allen in 1983. Also nominated were the   Globe winner Sarah Jessica Parker, for her role as a   suburban mother in HBO’s “Divorce” Ms. Rae, nominated for her   performance in HBO’s “Insecure” Julia   from the network’s “Veep” and last year’s winner, Rachel Bloom (“Crazy  ”). Globe voters have ardently tried to leave behind their reputation for paying more attention to celebrity than honoring the year’s best performances. Once upon a time, Globe attendees also bellied up to the open bar in a boozy spectacle, but nominees  —   heeding the scolding eyes of their publicists  —   have largely started sticking to water. Despite moments of seriousness, however, the Globes lived up its raucous reputation. The “Modern Family” star Sofia Vergara made anus jokes from the stage. NBC censors bleeped expletives from Amy Schumer. Dinner guests in multiple instances chatted right through the speeches. As ever, the ballroom’s smoking patio was chockablock with stars at one moment, Sophie Turner from “Game of Thrones” lit her cigarette off one held by her   Maisie Williams. The young “Stranger Things” cast members ran around taking selfies. As ever, the ceremony’s success will be determined by the Nielsen ratings. About 18. 5 million people watched last year, down from 19. 3 million in 2015. Televised award shows in general have been suffering from viewer erosion, partly because there is a seemingly endless array of them, but NBC had high hopes for Mr. Fallon. He has a much wider fan base than Mr. Gervais and has been using his “Tonight Show” perch as a promotional platform for the gig."
164,17472,Donald Trump Says He’s Not Surprised by Meryl Streep’s Golden Globes Speech - The New York Times,New York Times,Patrick Healy,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"  Donald J. Trump dismissed Meryl Streep as “a Hillary lover” early Monday morning after the actress, in a speech at the Golden Globes award ceremony, denounced him as a bully who disrespected and humiliated others. Mr. Trump, in a brief telephone interview, said he had not seen Ms. Streep’s remarks or other parts of the Globes ceremony, which were broadcast on NBC, but he added that he was “not surprised” that he had come under attack from “liberal movie people. ” [ Read Meryl Streep’s Golden Globes speech ] The Globes were the last   Hollywood event before Mr. Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20, a transfer of power that many in the entertainment industry have bemoaned. While   comments at the Globes were relatively restrained, Ms. Streep, one of the most outspoken progressives in the film world, mounted a powerful critique of Mr. Trump’s abilities as a performer, complimenting in a backhanded way a style of showmanship that she all but called insidious. “There was one performance this year that stunned me  —   it sank its hooks in my heart,” Ms. Streep said. “Not because it was good there was nothing good about it. But it was effective and it did its job. It made its intended audience laugh, and show their teeth. “It was that moment when the person asking to sit in the most respected seat in our country imitated a disabled reporter,” she said, referring to a speech by Mr. Trump in 2015 when he shuddered and flailed his arms, seeming to mock a disabled reporter for The New York Times. “It kind of broke my heart when I saw it, and I still can’t get it out of my head, because it wasn’t in a movie. It was real life. ” Mr. Trump, as he has done many times before, grew heated in the interview as he flatly denied that he had intended to make fun of the Times reporter, Serge F. Kovaleski. “I was never mocking anyone,” Mr. Trump said. “I was calling into question a reporter who had gotten nervous because he had changed his story,” arguing that the reporter had been trying to back away from an article he wrote in September 2001 about the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and elsewhere that month. “People keep saying I intended to mock the reporter’s disability, as if Meryl Streep and others could read my mind, and I did no such thing,” he said in the interview. “And remember, Meryl Streep introduced Hillary Clinton at her convention, and a lot of these people supported Hillary,” Mr. Trump said, referring to Ms. Streep’s remarks at the Democratic National Convention last summer on behalf of his opponent, Mrs. Clinton. Later Monday morning, Mr. Trump, in a series of tweets, called Ms. Streep “one of the most   actresses in Hollywood,” and “a Hillary flunky who lost big. ” He also reiterated his argument that he had not mocked the reporter “but simply showed him ‘groveling. ’” Ms. Streep’s artful denunciation of Mr. Trump  —   whom she never mentioned by name  —   drew applause from many other actors at the Globes ceremony, but also attacks online from the  ’s allies, like Sean Hannity, as well as some Republicans, like Meghan McCain, who are critical of Mr. Trump but see Hollywood liberals as only emboldening his supporters. Ms. Streep’s speech did not seem intended to win people over  —   she spoke dismissively of football and mixed martial arts at one point  —   but rather to voice frustration and anger before Mr. Trump’s inauguration. “This instinct to humiliate, when it’s modeled by someone in the public platform, by someone powerful, it filters down into everybody’s life, because it kind of gives permission for other people to do the same thing,” she said in her remarks. “Disrespect invites disrespect, violence incites violence. And when the powerful use their position to bully others we all lose. ” Mr. Trump said that, Ms. Streep and her allies aside, he was confident that celebrities and others would turn out in strong numbers for his inauguration. “We are going to have an unbelievable, perhaps   turnout for the inauguration, and there will be plenty of movie and entertainment stars,” Mr. Trump said. “All the dress shops are sold out in Washington. It’s hard to find a great dress for this inauguration. ”"
165,17473,Jenna Bush Hager and Michael Keaton Flub Movie Title at Golden Globes - The New York Times,New York Times,Daniel Victor,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"Let’s just be very clear about this: There is no movie called “Hidden Fences. ” But you would be forgiven for thinking otherwise after watching the Golden Globes, after the nonexistent movie was mentioned twice. The first time was definitely a mistake. The second time is not so clear. First, NBC’s Jenna Bush Hager, taking her first turn at Golden Globes reporting, presumably meant to ask Pharrell Williams about his best original score nomination for “Hidden Figures,” a movie about three black women who would play crucial roles in the American space program. Surely she didn’t mean to ask him about “Fences,” a similarly renowned film starring Viola Davis and Denzel Washington. Mr. Williams had no involvement in that. But: Mr. Williams’s   reaction, in which he appeared to be doing his best to hold back whatever he badly wished to say, was impressive in its restraint. Unsurprisingly, the immediate reaction on Twitter was less restrained. “So Jenna Bush is just merging all of the black movies tonight at the #GoldenGlobes, huh?” one user asked. “Pharrell’s face just held hundreds of years of whitewashing resolve,” another said. Others had fun in similarly inventing new movie titles. That seemed to be the end of things, but for some reason, Michael Keaton also referred to “Hidden Fences” when listing the nominees for best supporting actress in a motion picture. Since the camera was focused on the actresses, it’s unclear if Mr. Keaton said it with a wink and a nod."
166,17474,"On the Golden Globes Red Carpet, It’s Fantasy vs. Reality - The New York Times",New York Times,Vanessa Friedman,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"We all know a new era dawns in Washington in approximately 12 days, but why should Hollywood wait? Kicking off the E! red carpet show at the 74th Annual Golden Globes on Sunday night, Ryan Seacrest served notice to all that as far as awards season goes, change starts now. “‘Who are you wearing?’ That’s so done,” he said, not long before admitting he was, as it happened, wearing a   tuxedo from his Ryan Seacrest Distinction collection. Conflict of interest issues aside, it was a provocative statement, even in a time when practically every day brings a new provocative statement over the Twitter superhighway. Could it be true? Would 2017 usher in a time when actresses (and actors) did not have to   their clothes as part of the price of entry? Dream on. The   complex is alive and well and serving its prime purpose: marketing a moment of fantasy and escape. Kerry Washington did her job by not only introducing her     dress as by Dolce  Gabbana but by announcing that it was their special couture line and had never appeared on a red carpet before. Never, in other words, been seen by the general public’s eyes. Sprinkle a little of that    diamond dust on all of us. She wasn’t the only one who could. Ruth Negga also modeled   gold: this time sequins, this time with a futuristic   cool, this time by Nicolas Ghesquière for Louis Vuitton. (It never hurts to send a subliminal message by modeling yourself after a statuette, perhaps the reason it was something of a trend.) When Lily Collins appeared in full   pink beaded Zuhair Murad, her oversize bun like a nest just made for some twittering Disney canaries to land in, it was clear as far as fashion went we were in, well, La La Land. There were trains, on Winona Ryder’s strapless black Viktor  Rolf ball gown and Claire Foy’s Titania dress. Pink was a dominant color, as seen on Felicity Jones, doing a kind of sexy Jane Eyre impersonation in trompe l’oeil Gucci, and Carrie Underwood, in a    top so was yellow (Natalie Portman’s maternity Prada, ’  and very Jackie) and yet more gold on Naomie Harris in an Armani column and Sarah Paulson in Marc Jacobs. Mandy Moore had a   chiffon cape attached to the back of her plunging Naeem Khan gown, the better to do some superhero billowing with a twirl. And if Nicole Kidman’s Alexander McQueen        slip dress was a bit of a medieval shipwreck, and Drew Barrymore’s Monique Lhuillier suggested she was about to transform into a superglamorous sea gull, Emma Stone’s     Valentino covered in stars hinted she could twinkle like a constellation all on her own. And so it went. Sarah Jessica Parker swept by in a   white Vera Wang   dress (not really, presumably). Ye olde Hollywood brigade was best represented by Brie Larson in full Veronica Lake waves and red strapless Rodarte gown with a beaded, corseted top Blake Lively in molded black velvet Versace with gold chain mail   trim and a host of liquid sequined columns on Viola Davis (  yellow, Michael Kors) Amy Adams (strapless, wine black, Tom Ford) and Kristen Bell (    black Jenny Packham). But then Evan Rachel Wood showed up in a   custom Altuzarra tuxedo, referencing both David Bowie and Marlene Dietrich, because “I wanted to make sure young women and girls understood they didn’t always have to wear dresses it’s not a requirement. ” Not that she was trying to “protest dresses,” she said. Ditto, presumably, Octavia Spencer, powerful in another custom tux, and also talking about inspiring the next generation of girls. By the time Pharrell Williams appeared in a white Chanel jacket from the “2012  ” women’s collection, the gender gauntlet was thrown. It made all the froth and familiar fantasia seem   and close to irrelevant. Sure there were few really silly looks (Janelle Monáe’s   Armani and Olivia Culpo’s folkloric      Zuhair Murad among them) but there weren’t a lot of memorable ones, either. Thandie Newton, in Monse, wore one of them.    strict and   the white dress was unadorned  —   except for a hint of   flames licking their way up from hem to calf. Just in case anyone forgot the somewhat incendiary nature of this particular time."
167,17475,Golden Globe Award Winners 2017: The Complete List - The New York Times,New York Times,Joshua Barone,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"Here are the movies and TV shows that received the top awards. Best picture, drama: “Moonlight” Best picture, comedy or musical: “La La Land” Actress, drama: Isabelle Huppert, “Elle” Actor, drama: Casey Affleck, “Manchester by the Sea” Actress, comedy or musical: Emma Stone, “La La Land” Actor, comedy or musical: Ryan Gosling, “La La Land” Supporting actress: Viola Davis, “Fences” Supporting actor: Aaron   “Nocturnal Animals” Director: Damien Chazelle, “La La Land” Screenplay: Damien Chazelle, “La La Land” Animated film: “Zootopia” Foreign language film: “Elle” (France) Original score: Justin Hurwitz, “La La Land” Original song: “City of Stars,” “La La Land” Best series, drama: “The Crown,” Netflix Best series, comedy or musical: “Atlanta,” FX Best television movie or  : “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story,” FX Actress,   or television movie: Sarah Paulson, “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story” Actor,   or television movie: Tom Hiddleston, “The Night Manager” Actress, drama: Claire Foy, “The Crown” Actor, drama: Billy Bob Thornton, “Goliath” Actress, comedy or musical: Tracee Ellis Ross, “ ” Actor, comedy or musical: Donald Glover, “Atlanta” Supporting actress: Olivia Colman, “The Night Manager” Supporting actor: Hugh Laurie, “The Night Manager”"
168,17476,Can Evolution Have a ‘Higher Purpose’? - The New York Times,New York Times,Robert Wright,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"About 25 years ago, a conversation between me and one of the greatest biologists of the 20th century took a weird turn. I was talking to William D. Hamilton, who was famous for coming up with the theory of “kin selection,” which explains patterns of altruism among close relatives in various species, including ours. This and other seminal ideas had earned Hamilton a place in the pantheon of thinkers who ushered in the modern Darwinian understanding of social behavior. Richard Dawkins, in the preface to his landmark 1976 book,“The Selfish Gene,” paid tribute to Hamilton and the three other “dominant figures” in social biology whose ideas formed the book’s foundation. I was interviewing Hamilton at the University of Michigan, where he was on sabbatical from Oxford. A video camera was rolling. I had been researching a book about evolutionary psychology, and I was hoping to create a documentary on the subject. The documentary never materialized, and Hamilton died in early 2000. My interview with him sat unwatched until earlier this year, when I tracked down the tape containing it. During the interview, I was trying to steer Hamilton toward philosophical topics, and at one point he went further than I had expected. He said, “I’m also quite open to the view that there is some kind of ultimate good which is of a religious nature  —   that we just have to look beyond what the evolutionary theory tells us and accept promptings of what ultimate good is, coming from some other source. ” That’s an unusual thing for a great evolutionary biologist to say, but the most unusual part was still to come. Hamilton continued, in his British accent, “I could enlarge on that in terms of the possible existence of extraterrestrial manipulators who interfere, and so on, but I think this would be getting too far from the general topic of discussion. ” Well, maybe, but this sounded at least as interesting as the general topic of discussion. I asked him if he meant that there was some kind of “transcendental purpose” that we humans are generally oblivious to. He answered: “Yes, yes. There’s one theory of the universe that I rather like  —   I accept it in an almost joking spirit  —   and that is that Planet Earth in our solar system is a kind of zoo for extraterrestrial beings who dwell out there somewhere. And this is the best, the most interesting experiment they could set up: to set up the evolution on Planet Earth going in such a way that it would produce these really interesting characters  —   humans who go around doing things  —   and they watch their experiment, interfering hardly at all so that almost everything we do comes out according to the laws of nature. But every now and then they see something which doesn’t look quite right  —   this zoo is going to kill itself off if they let you do this or that. ” So, he continued, these extraterrestrials “insert a finger and just change some little thing. And maybe those are the miracles which the religious people like to so emphasize. ” He reiterated: “I put it forward in an almost joking spirit. But I think it’s a kind of hypothesis that’s very, very hard to dismiss. ” The headline almost writes itself: “  Scientist Says Miracles Can Happen!” The subhead would add: “Extraterrestrials may play a role. ” But that’s the headline you’d write if you were just trying to maximize clicks. If you wanted to capture the philosophical significance of what Hamilton was saying, you’d take another tack. Rather than focus on miracles, you’d focus on the idea of “higher purpose”  —   the idea that there’s some point to life on earth that emanates from something that is in some sense beyond it. And  —   in hopes of generating as many clicks as possible, notwithstanding the philosophical significance  —   you’d put this in listicle form, laying out several misconceptions that Hamilton had implicitly dispelled. You could call these the “Three Great Myths About Evolution and Purpose. ” Myth number one: To say that there’s in some sense a “higher purpose” means there are “spooky forces” at work. When I ask scientifically minded people if they think life on earth may have some larger purpose, they typically say no. If I ask them to explain their view, it often turns out that they think that answering yes would mean departing from a scientific worldview  —   embracing the possibility of supernatural beings or, at the very least, of immaterial factors that lie beyond scientific measurement. But Hamilton’s thought experiment shows that this isn’t necessarily so. You may consider aliens spooky, but they’re not a spooky force. And they’re not supernatural beings. They’re just physical beings, like us. Their technology is so advanced that their interventions might seem miraculous to us  —   as various smartphone apps would seem to my      —   but these interventions would in fact comply with the laws of science. More to the point: If you ask how Hamilton’s aliens had initially imparted “purpose” to life, the answer is that they did so in concrete fashion: by planting simple   material on earth a few billion years ago, confident that it would lead to something that would keep them entertained (keeping them entertained being, in this scenario, life’s purpose). Which leads to: Myth number two: To say that evolution has a purpose is to say that it is driven by something other than natural selection.  The correction of this misconception is in some ways just a corollary of the correction of the first misconception, but it’s worth spelling out: Evolution can have a purpose even if it is a wholly mechanical, material process  —   that is, even if its sole engine is natural selection. After all, clocks have purposes  —   to keep time, a purpose imparted by clockmakers  —   and they’re wholly mechanical. Of course, to suggest that evolution involves the unfolding of some purpose is to suggest that evolution has in some sense been heading somewhere  —   namely, toward the realization of its purpose. Which leads to: Myth number three: Evolution couldn’t have a purpose, because it doesn’t have a direction. The idea that evolution is fundamentally directionless is widespread, in part because one great popularizer of evolution, Stephen Jay Gould, worked hard to leave that impression. As I and others have argued, Gould was at best misleading on this point. And, anyway, even Gould admitted that, yes, on balance evolution tends to create beings of greater and greater complexity. A number of evolutionary biologists would go further and say that evolution was likely, given long enough, to create animals as intelligent as us. In fact, that idea is implicit in Hamilton’s saying the aliens could have “set up” evolution in such a way that “it would produce these really interesting characters  —   humans. ” This part of Hamilton’s scenario requires no intervention on the part of the aliens, because he believed that evolution by natural selection has a kind of direction in the sense that it is likely, given long enough, to produce very intelligent forms of life. (When speaking more precisely, as he did in other parts of the interview, Hamilton would say that the human species per se wasn’t in the cards  —   that it wasn’t inevitable that the first intelligent species would look like us.) With these three myths dispelled, you’re left with this philosophically liberating upshot: You can entertain the possibility that evolution has a purpose, a kind of goal (a “telos,” as philosophers say) without departing from a strictly Darwinian view of evolution  —   without abandoning belief in natural selection as evolution’s only engine, and without surrendering your credentials as a modern, scientifically minded kind of person. In case you’re still feeling a little uneasy about becoming a purpose ponderer, I should emphasize that not all teleological scenarios that pass scientific muster involve space aliens. Indeed, some scientists have suggested that natural selection has a purpose that wasn’t instilled by any kind of intelligent being. This scenario emerges from one version of physicist Lee Smolin’s theory of “cosmological natural selection. ” Smolin thinks our universe may itself be a product of a kind of evolution: maybe universes can replicate themselves via black holes, so over time  —   over a lot of time  —   you get universes whose physical laws are more and more conducive to replication. (So that’s why our universe is so good at   making!) In some variants of Smolin’s theory  —   such as those developed by the late cosmologist Edward Harrison and the mathematician Louis Crane  —   intelligent beings can play a role in this replication once their technology reaches a point where they can produce black holes. So through cosmological natural selection you’d get universes whose physical properties were more and more conducive to the evolution of intelligent life. This might explain the   observation that the physical constants of this universe seem “ ” to permit the emergence of life. Crane, in a recent dialogue on my website meaningoflife. tv, told me that in this scenario “human life —  and I don’t mean on an individual scale, but as a whole —  has a purpose in the same sense that a chicken’s egg has a purpose. The purpose of a chicken’s egg is to create a chicken. ” Crane isn’t using language carelessly here. Some philosophers are comfortable talking about animals having a “purpose” imbued by natural selection (to spread their genes). So if biological evolution is a product of cosmological natural selection, it has a purpose in a defensible sense of that term —  and we’re part of that purpose. So add another item to our listicle: Myth number four: If evolution has a purpose, the purpose must have been imbued by an intelligent being.  That said, one interesting feature of current discourse is a growing openness among some scientifically minded people to the possibility that our world has a purpose that was imparted by an intelligent being. I’m referring to “simulation” scenarios, which hold that our seemingly tangible world is actually a kind of projection emanating from some sort of   powerful computer and the history of our universe, including evolution on this planet, is the unfolding of a computer algorithm whose author must be pretty bright. You may scoff, but in 2003 the philosopher Nick Bostrom of Oxford University published a paper laying out reasons to think that we are pretty likely to be living in a simulation. And the simulation hypothesis has gained influential supporters. Neil deGrasse Tyson, director of the Hayden Planetarium and America’s de facto astronomer laureate, finds it plausible. The visionary tech entrepreneur Elon Musk says there’s almost no chance that we’re living in “base reality. ” The New Yorker reported earlier this year that “two tech billionaires”  —   it didn’t say whether Musk is one of them  —   “have gone so far as to secretly engage scientists to work on breaking us out of the simulation. ” I’m guessing that will take awhile, and meanwhile I’d like to note an irony. When an argument for higher purpose is put this way  —   that is, when it doesn’t involve the phrase “higher purpose” and, further, is cast more as a technological scenario than a metaphysical one  —   it is considered intellectually respectable. I don’t mean there aren’t plenty of people who dismiss it. I’m talking about how people dismiss it. The Bostrom paper drew flack, but a lot of it was from people who thought the chances that we’re living in a simulation are way less than 50 percent, not from people who thought the idea was wholly crazy. If you walked up to the same people who gave Bostrom a respectful hearing and told them there is a transcendent God, many would dismiss the idea out of hand. Yet the simulation hypothesis is a God hypothesis: An intelligence of   power created our universe for reasons we can speculate about but can’t entirely fathom. And, assuming this intelligence still exists, it is in some sense outside of our reality  —   beyond the reach of our senses  —   and yet, presumably, it has the power to intervene in our world. Theology has entered “secular” discourse under another name. Personally, I’m fine with that. I think discussion of higher purpose should be respectable even in a scientific age. I don’t mean I buy the simulation scenario in particular, or the space alien scenario, or the cosmological natural selection scenario. But I do think there’s reason to suspect that there’s some point to this exercise we Earthlings are engaged in, some purpose imbued by something  —   and that, even if identifying that something is for now hopeless, there are grounds for speculating about what the point of the exercise is. I won’t elaborate much on this, since I’ve done that elsewhere, arguing that higher purpose can be framed as a hypothesis, and that evidence for or against the hypothesis can be marshaled. But I will say that the evidence I see for purpose includes not just the direction of biological evolution, but the direction of technological evolution and of the broader social and cultural evolution it drives  —   the evolution that has carried us from   bands to the brink of a cohesive global community. And if the purpose involves sustaining this direction  —   becoming a true global community  —   then it would seem to include moral progress. In particular, our purpose would involve transcending the psychology of tribalism that can otherwise divide people along ethnic, national, religious and ideological lines. Which would mean  —   in light of recent political and social developments in the United States and abroad  —   that our work is cut out for us."
169,17478,Steelers Crush Dolphins to Set Up a Clash With the Chiefs - The New York Times,New York Times,Ben Shpigel,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"PITTSBURGH  —   The Miami Dolphins won the coin toss Sunday and kicked off to the Pittsburgh Steelers, a decision that in retrospect seemed a tad misguided. But then it was not as if electing to receive would have been a wiser choice. A more prudent, if somewhat unorthodox, strategy would have been doing something else entirely with the football. Hiding it, for example. Maybe beneath the Dolphins’ parkas. Because without the ball, the Steelers’ offense could not score. And if the Steelers’ offense could not score, then the Dolphins might actually have stood a chance of winning Sunday’s playoff game at Heinz Field instead of absorbing a comprehensive demolition. The   defeat, which reaffirmed Pittsburgh as a formidable A. F. C. contender, held less suspense than a romantic comedy. All of 2 minutes 45 seconds elapsed before Pittsburgh scored on an exquisite    (50 yards) by Antonio Brown. That preceded another exquisite    by Brown (62 yards) which preceded a scoring rush by Le’Veon Bell, who accounted for all 78 yards on that drive (excluding a   penalty) all on runs, 10 in a row. It was as if the Steelers kept giving him the ball because they had grown bored of demoralizing Miami through the air. Finishing with 167 yards, Bell set the team   postseason record in his playoff debut. He missed the playoffs two seasons ago with a hyperextended knee. Last year, a torn knee ligament sidelined him. The Steelers have been eagerly waiting for their redoubtable trio of Bell, Brown and quarterback Ben Roethlisberger, who completed his first 11 passes for 188 yards, to play in the postseason together. They combined for all four touchdowns, scored across the first seven series (one was a   before halftime) in a performance that showcased Pittsburgh at the apex of its intimidating might. “We can attack in different ways,” Bell said. All of them are devastating. Especially those that involve Brown, who turned two short passes into long touchdowns, and Bell. Not since Barry Sanders, perhaps, has the N. F. L. seen a running back as destructively patient as Bell. He takes the handoff. Then he waits. “I’m standing back there and I’m watching, and I’m like, ‘Uh, are you going to go any time here? ’” Roethlisberger said of Bell. The length of Bell’s pause varies from play to play, but it allows him to survey the field, set up his blockers and find creases. Accelerating through, he leaves defenders in his wake, then drags them through it. “He’s a man for all situations or circumstances,” Coach Mike Tomlin said. When Miami’s defensive coordinator, Vance Joseph, was asked last week how he prioritized containing Brown, Bell and Roethlisberger, he chose Bell first. “If you can’t contain Bell, you can’t contain A. B. ,” Joseph said, using Brown’s nickname. The Dolphins, overwhelmed by the challenge, did neither. The burden of preparing for the Steelers now belongs to the Kansas City Chiefs, who will host Pittsburgh on Sunday afternoon in a rematch of a Week 4 game. The Steelers won by 29 points that night, but there is folly in perceiving past as prologue. The Dolphins’ resurfacing in the postseason after an   absence elicited much joy not only in South Florida, but also in western Pennsylvania, where the Steelers seethed all week, eager to avenge an October rout. That win ignited Miami’s recovery from a   start and foretold the steamrollering that running back Jay Ajayi, who rushed for 204 yards that day, would administer to defensive game plans. Even thinking about that defeat angered the Steelers’ defensive coordinator, Keith Butler, who said it “really challenges your manhood. ” The Steelers pride themselves on playing a physical style. Shoved around that day, they vowed to inflict pain Sunday. “We just wanted to get out there and be as physical and as violent as we could be,” safety Mike Mitchell said. “Like I said, our   was to tee off on them. It wasn’t to wrap up and make tackles. ” Ajayi exceeded 200 yards twice more during the regular season. He never came close Sunday, smothered by Pittsburgh’s front. He finished with 33 yards on 16 carries. “We always can get better, but we was cooking today,” defensive end Stephon Tuitt said. “It was fun to cook. ” The essence of Mitchell’s proclamation  —   “The goal was to tee off on them I can’t say that enough”  —   permeated the rest of the defense, which nearly turned Miami’s suboptimal quarterback situation even more dire midway through the second quarter. Starting a fourth consecutive week in place of the injured Ryan Tannehill (knee) Matt Moore left the pocket and, after releasing a pass, encountered linebacker Bud Dupree. He did not hit Moore so much as nearly dislodge Moore’s head from his body. “You just see a sack,” said Dupree, who had not yet seen a replay. Moore crumpled to the field and lay there as a skirmish that began near the Miami sideline expanded closer to midfield. It seemed to take less time for Moore to be examined for a concussion, and other injuries, than he spent on the ground. He missed one play. “I got checked out, I felt fine,” Moore said. “It was more of my jaw than anything else. I felt good. I came back in, and I was fine. ” On that drive, the Dolphins kicked a field goal to draw to within  . But on their next two series, on either side of halftime, Moore was   losing the ball  —   and, soon enough, the game for the Dolphins. Pittsburgh, which has won eight straight, has not lost since Nov. 13, when Dallas pilfered a late victory that earned the wrath of Roethlisberger, who demanded afterward that the Steelers play with more discipline and accountability. Those elements returned, and so did the A. F. C. North crown, borrowed for a year by Cincinnati. The Steelers reached this stage of the playoffs last season before losing at Denver. They did not have Bell, or even Brown, who sat with a concussion. Now they have both. And Roethlisberger, who said he would play next week despite an injured ankle encased afterward in a walking boot. And a healthy offensive line. And a snarling defense. But still. “I’m not excited about this,” guard Ramon Foster said after the win. Why? “It’s bigger than this week,” he added, referring to the coming game against the Chiefs."
170,17479,Death of Iran’s Rafsanjani Removes Influential Voice Against Hard-Liners - The New York Times,New York Times,Thomas Erdbrink,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"TEHRAN  —   With the death of Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani on Sunday, Iran’s political factions knew immediately that any space by reformers to maneuver had just significantly decreased. Change had come, and it did not favor those seeking to turn Iran into a less revolutionary country with more tolerance and outreach to the West  —   especially the United States. Mr. Rafsanjani, a former president who helped found the Islamic republic, had been the one man too large to be sidelined by conservative  . Now he was suddenly gone, dead from what state media described as cardiac arrest  —   and with no one influential enough to fill his shoes. Iran’s   reformists and moderates, who would use Mr. Rafsanjani’s regular calls for more personal freedoms and requests to establish better relations with the United States to advance their political agendas, suddenly felt exposed and weakened. Who would now warn publicly against “Islamic fascism,” when the   sought to influence elections? Who would state openly that there should be a nuclear compromise? Mr. Rafsanjani said things others would not dare to say, all agreed, and his voice had at least created some tolerance for debates. “  will be happy, but this is the start of a period of anxiety for many,” said Fazel Meybodi, a cleric from the holy city Qum who supports reforms in Iran. “His death disturbs the fragile balance we had in Iran. ” There simply are no replacements for Mr. Rafsanjani, analysts from all factions say. His death also reflects the dwindling number of leaders from the generation that overthrew the shah nearly four decades ago. Most are now in their 80s or even older. “It is a very powerful reminder that Iran is at the beginning of a major leadership transition that will play a very psychological role in Iran’s politics,” said Vali R. Nasr, a Middle East scholar who is dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies. “I think this in some ways rattles Iran’s political system, in that it underscores the fact that with everything else going on  —   Syria, the nuclear deal  —   there will be a passing of the baton to the next generation,” Mr. Nasr said. Two of Mr. Rafsanjani’s most important protégés  —   Hassan Rouhani, the current president, and Mohammad Khatami, a former president  —   both owe their political careers to him. But Mr. Rouhani, up for   this year, is fighting for his political life. Mr. Khatami, who has been sidelined by conservative adversaries for years, is now even weaker. Mr. Rouhani managed to create a coalition to win the elections in 2013, with Mr. Rafsanjani’s support. Having successfully negotiated a nuclear agreement with the United States and other big powers, partly from encouragement by Mr. Rafsanjani, Mr. Rouhani promised a bright economic future for Iran  —   which has yet to happen. With the demise of his mentor and protector, Iran’s president will find it hard to gather the same level of support he received four years ago with the backing of Mr. Rafsanjani, analysts say. “He was a very powerful figure for Mr. Rouhani to rely upon,” said Mohammad Marandi, a professor at Tehran University who is close to Iran’s leaders. “Many worked with him because of that support. The passing of Mr. Rafsanjani complicates the president’s position and makes his   less certain. ” Mr. Khatami won presidential elections in 1997 after having received Mr. Rafsanjani’s support, and led Iran through an era of greater personal freedoms and Western outreach that was quashed by unelected,   centers of power. “It is Mr. Khatami who should take on the burden of the late Ayatollah Hashemi Rafsanjani’s responsibility,” said Mohammadreza Shamsolvaezin, a former reformist politician and activist. But Mr. Khatami is all but paralyzed politically. The    judiciary has ordered all Iranian media not to carry his picture or even quote his website. Besides appearances at theater plays, religious gatherings and art exhibitions, Mr. Khatami has remained silent. Mr. Rafsanjani could speak more freely than others, not only because of his revolutionary credentials, but also because of his friendship with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, whom he helped become supreme leader in 1989. Ayatollah Khamenei, who has skillfully played all Iranian factions, would never go as far as to completely isolate Mr. Rafsanjani, even when he supported protests that followed the disputed 2009 presidential election. While the presidential candidates Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi were placed under house arrest in 2011 for their criticisms, Mr. Rafsanjani was stripped of several functions but never purged. In a statement, Ayatollah Khamenei lamented the passing of Mr. Rafsanjani. Still, it was clear to many that Ayatollah Khamenei regarded him not only as a friend but a rival, whose absence could now make the role of supreme leader even more powerful. “The loss of a comrade and ally, with whom I share a friendship that dates back to 59 years ago, is difficult and ” said a statement posted on Ayatollah Khamenei’s website on Sunday. He also referred obliquely to their disagreements. “Differences in views and interpretations of Islamic law in various points of this long time could never break the friendship,” the statement said. “After him, I cannot think of anyone with whom I share such long history and experience along the highs and lows of historical moments. ”   joined in on the mourning, giving public statements of condolence, but with the realization that the political wind in Iran would now blow even more in their favor. For them Mr. Rafsanjani had been a wild card, who could evoke rulings from the founder of the Islamic republic, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, that would oppose their rigid narrative of isolation and  . Mr. Rafsanjani was especially dangerous, they said, because of his conviction that Iran had changed and that establishing relations with the United States was the only way to secure the future of the Islamic republic. Mr. Rafsanjani also had cordial ties with the leaders of Saudi Arabia, Iran’s principal rival in the Middle East, who share a mutual hostility with Ayatollah Khamenei.   also have faulted Mr. Rafsanjani for having founded a chain of affordable universities during the reconstruction that followed the     war. Some conservatives now blame these schools for having helped sow what they regard as the dangerous modernist aspirations of Iran’s middle class. Many conservatives in Iran also suspected Mr. Rafsanjani of having used his contacts to undercut Ayatollah Khamenei on issues where Ayatollah Khamenei would choose ideology over diplomacy. Mr. Rafsanjani preferred pragmatism and change to keep the ruling system in power. “The invisible hands of the late Ali Akbar Rafsanjani are gone,” said Hamidreza Taraghi, a   political analyst who has close relations with many of Iran’s top leaders. “This means an end to secret meetings by reformists and moderates seeking closer ties with America from now on we can make decisions much easier and with more coordination. ”"
171,17480,"Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, Ex-President of Iran, Dies at 82 - The New York Times",New York Times,Alan Cowell,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, a former president of Iran and a founder of the Islamic republic, who navigated the opaque shoals of his country’s theocracy as one of its most enduring, wiliest and wealthiest leaders, died on Sunday in Tehran. He was 82. His death was announced by Iranian state television. As his career seesawed through periods of revolutionary zeal and confrontation with powerful conservative rivals, he was portrayed as a Machiavellian and often ruthless player in the power struggles among Iran’s elite factions, protected by his close association with Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the revolutionary leader who overthrew the shah in 1979. Known as a pragmatist and centrist inclined toward economic liberalism and political authoritarianism, Mr. Rafsanjani was accused by critics of corruption in amassing his fortune and of a readiness for harsh tactics to deal with dissent at home and abroad. Argentina has accused Mr. Rafsanjani and other senior Iranian figures of complicity in the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires, in which 85 people died. In 1997, a German court concluded that the highest levels of Iran’s political leadership had ordered the killing five years earlier of four exiled Iranian Kurdish dissidents in Berlin. The events added weight to American assertions that Iran was a sponsor of terrorism. Mr. Rafsanjani was president from 1989 to 1997. Yet many Western analysts believed that he sought a less confrontational relationship with the United States than other powerful figures in the Iranian hierarchy, for whom hostility toward Washington was a touchstone of ideological purity. Mr. Rafsanjani, for instance, was credited with suggesting that “Death to America” be dropped from the litany of slogans at Tehran’s Friday prayers, a weekly moment of fervor in Iran’s political and religious calendar. In the closing stages of the   war, which lasted from 1980 to 1988, Mr. Rafsanjani was appointed acting commander in chief of Iranian forces and was widely credited with persuading the leadership in Tehran to accept a United Nations resolution that ended the fighting. For much of his career, he maintained roles in Parliament and on influential clerical panels, under the tutelage of Ayatollah Khomeini and then, less durably, of his successor, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. Mr. Rafsanjani’s clout declined sharply during the presidency of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, from 2005 to 2013. A populist conservative, Mr. Ahmadinejad had a strong following among poor Iranians, many of whom resented the affluence that endeared Mr. Rafsanjani to his wealthier compatriots. In 2013, Mr. Rafsanjani was disqualified from standing in presidential elections and swung his political weight behind a moderate, longtime associate, Hassan Rouhani, who won the vote and went on to bring many of Mr. Rafsanjani’s supporters into his cabinet and to negotiate the nuclear agreement with the United States in 2015. But Mr. Rafsanjani, himself an ayatollah, clashed with Ayatollah Khamenei, the supreme leader, over the extent to which Iran should modify its bellicose stance toward outsiders. In March, Mr. Rafsanjani wrote on Twitter that the “world of tomorrow is one of negotiations, not the world of missiles. ” Ayatollah Khamenei responded: “Enemies continue strengthening their military and missile sectors. How can anyone say the era of missiles has passed?” Without identifying Mr. Rafsanjani by name, Ayatollah Khamenei said: “People say that tomorrow’s world is a world of negotiations and not a world of missiles. If they say this thoughtlessly, it shows they are thoughtless. However, if this is intentional, then this is treachery. ” For all that, analysts in Tehran sensed that the pendulum was swinging toward the moderate camp, in which Mr. Rafsanjani played a defining role. Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani was born on Aug. 23, 1934, in the village of Bahraman near the town of Rafsanjan in Iran’s southeastern Kerman Province. He was one of five sons and four daughters born to Mirza Ali Hashemi Bahramani, a prosperous pistachio farmer, and Mahbibi Safarian Hashemi. At 14, he left his home village to study theology in the Muslim holy city of Qum, Iran, where he became a disciple of Ayatollah Khomeini. By some accounts, at the time of his death, Mr. Rafsanjani was the last surviving member of an inner circle of Islamic revolutionaries active during Ayatollah Khomeini’s exile from 1964 to 1979, fighting an often bloody    contest with the notorious Savak secret police loyal to Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi. From 1963 to 1978, Mr. Rafsanjani was jailed five times for his opposition to the shah, but he remained in close contact with exiled clerics, including Ayatollah Khomeini, who was living in Najaf, Iraq. During that period, in 1962, he married Effat Marashi, whose family included several respected Shiite clerics. They had five children  —   two daughters, Fatemeh and Faezeh, and three sons, Mohsen, Mehdi and Yaser. Information on survivors was not immediately available. In the turbulence after Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Iran, Mr. Rafsanjani was elected to Parliament, known as the Majlis, and became its speaker, serving in that position until 1989. In many accounts of the maneuvering after Ayatollah Khomeini’s death in 1989, Mr. Rafsanjani was credited with promoting Ayatollah Ali Khamenei as supreme leader, possibly in the mistaken belief that he would prove a pliant figure. Instead, Ayatollah Khamenei built his own power base. But Mr. Rafsanjani’s   dealings  —   often trading on his close relationship with Ayatollah Khomeini  —   earned him the nickname “kingmaker. ” During his presidency, Mr. Rafsanjani faced the challenge of reconstruction after the   war with Saddam Hussein’s Iraq. While his economic liberalism and privatization policies were popular among Iran’s entrepreneurial classes, many poor Iranians perceived no improvement in their plight. As president, Mr. Rafsanjani showed little tolerance of dissent. While he sought improved ties with the West, he insisted on Iran’s right to develop its nuclear program and did not lift a fatwa declared by Ayatollah Khomeini that enjoined Muslims to kill the writer Salman Rushdie. Moreover, critics asserted that the Rafsanjani presidency coincided with the spread of corruption and the infiltration by the   Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps of important economic enterprises. By 2013, Mr. Rafsanjani was said to have built a family business empire that owned Iran’s second biggest airline, exercised a near monopoly on the lucrative pistachio trade and controlled the largest private university, Azad. The family’s business interests also included real estate, construction and oil deals. In 2003, Forbes magazine said Mr. Rafsanjani’s personal wealth exceeded $1 billion. His time as president left a bitter legacy for many Iranians who struggled to get by. In parliamentary elections, he fared badly and was awarded a seat only after the intervention of a   clerical panel, prompting him to withdraw from the legislature. In 2005, Mr. Rafsanjani sought to run for the presidency again but lost in a runoff to Mr. Ahmadinejad, whose tenure until 2013 was marked by   nuclear policies, increasingly strained ties with the West and a mounting catalog of economic sanctions over Tehran’s efforts to expand its nuclear capability. In presidential elections in June 2009, Mr. Rafsanjani supported the moderate Mir Hussein Moussavi, who lost to Mr. Ahmadinejad. The outcome was widely disputed, and many Iranian protesters died or were detained challenging the authorities in the streets. The protesters included Mr. Rafsanjani’s youngest daughter, Faezeh, who had campaigned for women’s rights and was arrested in large demonstrations against Mr. Ahmadinejad’s victory. In September 2009, Mr. Rafsanjani seemed to be sidelined when the authorities barred him from addressing Friday prayers in Tehran on Quds Day, an annual display of solidarity with Palestinians. Mr. Rafsanjani had delivered the Quds Day sermon for almost 25 years, but the authorities in 2009 feared his address would provoke antigovernment protests. Mr. Ahmadinejad’s second term was marked by mounting disputes with the United States and Israel over Tehran’s nuclear ambitions and its advances in missile technology. In 2011, Iran sided with President Bashar   of Syria during the Arab Spring, along with the Hezbollah Shiite militia in Lebanon, setting Tehran against Mr. Assad’s Western adversaries, including the United States. In May 2013, Mr. Rafsanjani announced plans for a comeback, entering his name for presidential elections that June, calculating that, after the years of   decline under Mr. Ahmadinejad, Iranians would think that Mr. Rafsanjani’s reputation as a pragmatist and modernizer would offset some of the opprobrium attached to his staggering wealth. At the time, he argued that Iran was in an economic “danger zone” because of Mr. Ahmadinejad’s “amateurism. ” But he was disqualified by the Guardian Council, an electoral vetting body controlled by  . Mr. Rafsanjani had long served on another critical panel, the   Assembly of Experts, which is charged with choosing a successor to the supreme leader. In 2016, Mr. Rafsanjani polled first in Tehran’s voting for the Assembly of Experts, whose role had assumed greater importance since Ayatollah Khamenei was treated for prostate cancer in 2014. In the manner of Iran’s competing power centers, however, a   Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati, who was already the head of the Guardian Council, was elected by the Assembly of Experts as its chairman. The vote signaled new obstacles for the modest changes sought by Mr. Rouhani in running the Islamic republic. In another controversy, in May 2016, Mr. Rafsanjani was drawn into a ferocious debate over a meeting between his activist daughter, Faezeh, and Fariba Kamalabadi, a leader of the Baha’is, a minority religious group regarded by the clerical hierarchy as impure pagans. Mr. Rafsanjani showed little sympathy for his daughter, calling the Baha’is “heretics” and saying publicly that his daughter had “committed a wrong deed” and should be ashamed of herself."
172,17481,It’s Right in the Name: Safes Are Safe. Except for Two on New Year’s Eve. - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael Wilson,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"They read like descriptions of props from the script of a Hollywood heist caper, with promises to ward off “attacks” on all six sides from the usual suspects: hammer, crowbar, drill, blowtorch, nitroglycerin. That is the language of the brochures and websites of the city’s safe dealers, a small but longstanding industry that manages fears in and around the diamond district not only of disasters like fires or explosions, but also of hypothetical supervillains. When a safe is breached, word travels quickly. What happened? Whose safe was it? How did they get in? Those were the sorts of questions raised last week after a team of burglars broke into a jeweler’s office on West 36th Street on New Year’s Eve. The crime was widely reported for its scope  —   the thieves made off with $6 million in diamonds and other gems  —   and its brazen timing, occurring as the ball dropped six blocks away in a neighborhood teeming with police officers. Surveillance video showing two people hitting a   door with hammers was taken immediately after midnight, the police said, when the sound of cheers would have most likely drowned out any banging. But what happened next is, to many in the safe industry, more important than the forced entry. The two safes that held the valuables, the police said, showed no sign of forced entry. The police have not provided further details on the safes. News reports have suggested investigators are looking into whether someone working for the dealer who provided the safes gave the thieves the combinations. A man answering the telephone at the office of the dealer, Lacka Safe in New Jersey, said on Friday that the owners declined to comment. As that investigation unfolds, the burglary  —   or “attack,” in   security parlance  —   draws attention to the last line of defense for the city’s many jewelers, an object that, for all the advances in technology over the years, remains a box with three sides, a top, a bottom and a door.   safes evoke exciting scenes from the movies, with steely safecrackers listening for clicks or drilling into dense steel with lasers. In reality, though, making safes is a hushed trade built on discretion and trust. “I get calls all the time, ‘Are your people O. K.?’” said Richard Krasilovsky of Empire Safe in Midtown. “How safe is it  —   all puns intended  —   for your people to do the work? The people know where the safe is going. I say it’s a legitimate question to ask. ” Dealers carry an array of safes and locks, including digital locks with keypads and time locks that prevent anyone from opening the door, with or without the combination, while they’re activated. The jewelers of Manhattan historically prefer more traditional designs for their safes, dealers said last week, with mechanical combination locks. “It’s an older industry,” said Dov Israeli of Precision Lock and Safe in Floral Park, N. Y. “They’re focused on price and less on what’s new. ” A jeweler typically requires a certain level of protection to satisfy its insurance company. These levels shown in ratings by Underwriters Laboratories, such as   or   indicate that safecrackers at the lab, using tools and torches, were unable to breach any of the six sides of the safe in 60 or 30 minutes. That is probably a greater margin of safety than the standard jeweler needs. “  point nine nine nine percent of burglars out there can’t penetrate a properly made ” Mr. Krasilovsky said. A brochure for a line of safes at Empire states that they are made of “  and   armor” for “greater protection against attack,” and that they protect against everything from “hammers and simple drills, to thermal and electrical equipment, such as oxyacetylene torches and disk cutters. ” Mr. Krasilovsky said he met potential clients to offer a risk assessment based on what they were protecting and other factors, looking for what he called “an Achilles’ heel. ” “It’s very easy to sell somebody protection, which is a safe,” he said. “I try to sell prevention. Protection is a science. I don’t want the schmucks coming onto the premises. ” A cheaper safe may meet the requirements of an insurance company, while appearing to a burglar to be vulnerable. A technician sets the combination for a safe’s lock for the first time. “We have you write it on a piece of paper,” and hand it to the technician, Mr. Israeli said. Some dealers may keep a copy for a period of time, in case the safe’s owner should need it. “We tear it up  —   we won’t keep a combination for you,” he said. “It’s not even a service we will provide. ”"
173,17482,"North Korea, Rebuking Trump, Says It Can Test Long-Range Missile ‘Anytime’ - The New York Times",New York Times,Choe Sang-Hun,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"SEOUL, South Korea  —   Less than a week after Donald J. Trump taunted North Korea over its ballistic missile capabilities, North Korea has said that it could conduct its first test of an intercontinental missile “anytime and anywhere” in a rebuke to the incoming president. Although North Korea has vowed to develop the ability to attack the United States with nuclear warheads and has tested missiles that can reach throughout the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity, it has never tested a   missile that could fly over the Pacific. In a New Year’s Day speech, Kim   North Korea’s leader, said his country had reached a “final stage” in preparing to test an intercontinental ballistic missile. That drew a Twitter post the next day from Mr. Trump that said, “It won’t happen!” On Sunday, an unidentified spokesman of the North Korean Foreign Ministry told the North’s official Korean Central News Agency, “The ICBM will be launched anytime and anywhere determined by our supreme leadership. ” The spokesman’s remarks, made public on the KCNA website Monday, were in response to comments last Thursday by Antony J. Blinken, the United States deputy secretary of state, that North Korea had made “a qualitative improvement” in its missile capabilities over the past year. And he said Washington and its allies would continue “comprehensive, sustained pressure and sanctions” against the North. On NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday, Ashton B. Carter, the departing secretary of defense, said the United States would shoot down a North Korean missile “if it were coming towards our territory or the territory of our friends and allies. ” It remains unclear how close North Korea has come to building a reliable ICBM. Although it has displayed the     believed to be its first ICBM, during military parades in recent years, it has never   that system. In the past year, however, North Korea has boasted of successfully testing key technologies, such as   missile engines and heat shields for an ICBM. Last Tuesday, John Kirby, a spokesman for the State Department, said Washington did not believe that North Korea had achieved its goal of tipping   missiles with nuclear warheads, though it continued to “march in that direction. ” North Korea has sought to develop by early 2018 miniaturized nuclear weapons that can fit atop a missile capable of reaching the United States, Thae   a former North Korean diplomat who defected, told the Yonhap news agency of South Korea on Sunday."
174,17483,F.B.I. Arrests Volkswagen Executive on Conspiracy Charge in Emissions Scandal - The New York Times,New York Times,"Adam Goldman, Hiroko Tabuchi and Jack Ewing",2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"The F. B. I. has arrested a Volkswagen executive in Florida, accusing him of playing a central role in a broad conspiracy to keep United States regulators from discovering that diesel vehicles made by the company were programmed to cheat on emissions tests. The executive, Oliver Schmidt, a German who is the former top emissions compliance manager for Volkswagen in the United States, was arrested on Saturday by investigators in Florida on a charge of conspiracy to defraud the United States. He is expected to be arraigned on Monday. The arrest of Mr. Schmidt is an escalation of the criminal investigation into emissions cheating by Volkswagen and comes amid talks between the company and the United States Justice Department about what penalties the carmaker should accept as part of a settlement. After a study by West Virginia University first raised questions over Volkswagen’s diesel motors in early 2014, Mr. Schmidt played a central role in trying to convince regulators that excess emissions were caused by technical problems rather than by deliberate cheating, Ian Dinsmore, an F. B. I. agent, said in a sworn affidavit used as the basis for Mr. Schmidt’s arrest. Mr. Schmidt deceived American regulators “by offering reasons for the discrepancy other than the fact that VW was intentionally cheating on U. S. emissions tests, in order to allow VW to continue to sell diesel vehicles in the United States,” the affidavit said. Mr. Schmidt continued to represent Volkswagen after the company admitted in September that cars were programmed to dupe regulators. He appeared before a committee of the British Parliament in January, telling legislators that Volkswagen’s behavior was not illegal in Europe. Lawyers representing Mr. Schmidt did not respond to requests for comment late Sunday. Officials at the Justice Department also declined to comment, as did an F. B. I. spokesman in Detroit. In a statement, Jeannine Ginivan, a spokeswoman for Volkswagen, said that the automaker “continues to cooperate with the Department of Justice” but that “it would not be appropriate to comment on any ongoing investigations or to discuss personnel matters. ” A Volkswagen spokesman in Germany also declined to comment. Lawsuits filed against Volkswagen by the New York and Massachusetts state attorneys general accused Mr. Schmidt of playing an important role in the carmaker’s efforts to conceal its emissions cheating from United States regulators. In 2014, when California air quality officials began an investigation of Volkswagen emissions, Mr. Schmidt was general manager of Volkswagen’s Engineering and Environmental Office based in Auburn Hills, Mich. For more than a year, he and other Volkswagen officials repeatedly cited false technical explanations for the high emissions levels, the authorities said. In September 2015, Mr. Schmidt and other Volkswagen officials formally acknowledged the existence of a   defeat device that allowed Volkswagen cars to cheat emissions tests. Volkswagen’s   and belated confession angered officials from the California Air Resources Board and the Environmental Protection Agency, and it is likely to have vastly increased the cost to the company from the scandal. It has already agreed to pay $16 billion to owners of diesel vehicles and will probably have to pay several billion dollars more in fines. Volkswagen eventually said that it had fitted 11 million diesel cars worldwide with illegal software that made the vehicles capable of defeating pollution tests. The software enabled the cars to sense when they were being tested for emissions and turn on   systems to curb emissions at the cost of engine performance. But those controls were not fully deployed on the road, where cars spewed nitrogen oxide at up to 40 times the levels allowed under the Clean Air Act. James Liang, a former Volkswagen engineer who worked for the company in California, pleaded guilty in September to charges that included conspiracy to defraud the federal government and violating the Clean Air Act. But Mr. Schmidt’s arrest brings the investigation into the executive ranks. The arrest came as Volkswagen and the Justice Department neared a deal to pay more than $2 billion to resolve the criminal investigation into the emissions cheating. The company or one of its corporate entities is expected to plead guilty as part of the deal. The settlement could come as early as next week, barring any   hiccups, according to people with knowledge of the negotiations. The German automaker has been eager to put the Justice Department investigation behind it before   Donald J. Trump is sworn in on Jan. 20. American prosecutors had traveled to Germany in recent months to interview Volkswagen executives, according to German prosecutors. The criminal case against Volkswagen, and the potential guilty plea, set it apart from other recent auto industry investigations. In settlements with General Motors and Toyota over their handling of safety defects, for example, the companies agreed to pay large fines but did not plead guilty. Prosecutors are also mulling criminal charges against Takata, the Japanese manufacturer under criminal investigation for its defective airbags. Volkswagen has already agreed to pay up to nearly $16 billion to resolve civil claims in what has become one of the largest consumer   settlements ever in the United States, involving half a million cars. Under the settlement, most car owners have the option of either selling their vehicles back to Volkswagen or getting them fixed, provided the automaker could propose a fix that satisfied regulators. The scandal has affected many Volkswagen and Audi models, including the Audi A3 and Volkswagen Beetle, Golf, Jetta and Passat diesel cars."
175,17484,4 Die in Jerusalem Attack as Palestinian Rams Truck Into Soldiers - The New York Times,New York Times,Isabel Kershner,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"JERUSALEM  —   A Palestinian driver plowed a truck into a group of Israeli soldiers as they were getting off a bus in Jerusalem on Sunday afternoon, killing four and injuring 17 others, according to the police and witnesses. The police called the episode an act of terrorism. Micky Rosenfeld, a police spokesman, said the attacker had been shot, and the police released images showing the truck’s windshield riddled with bullet holes. The dead included three female soldiers and one male soldier, the Israeli military confirmed. Several people were hospitalized, some with critical injuries. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the scene of the attack and said the perpetrator was “by all indications a supporter of the Islamic State. ” “This is part of the same pattern inspired by Islamic State, by ISIS, that we saw first in France, then in Germany and now in Jerusalem. This is part of the same ongoing battle against this global scourge of the new terrorism,” he added. Mr. Netanyahu has often made the comparison between local attacks against Israelis and those in the rest of the world, though the attacks in Israel are more broadly viewed as being more connected to the   conflict. While the Israeli security services have described a few Palestinian attackers as having been inspired by the ideology of the Islamic State, no direct links have been established between them and the organization. The attack on Sunday occurred on the Armon Hanatziv Promenade, a popular tourist spot between East Jerusalem and West Jerusalem that offers sweeping views of the Old City. The four soldiers killed were Erez Orbach, 20, from Alon Shvut, in the West Bank Yael Yekutiel, 20, from Givatayim, near Tel Aviv Shir Hajaja, 22, from Maale Adumim in the West Bank and Shira Tzur, 20, from Haifa. The violence ended several months of relative calm in the contested city, after a period of frequent stabbings, shootings and car attacks. It also underlined the volatility of the situation at a time when   Donald J. Trump has promised to move the United States Embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv, a potentially explosive step that American administrations have avoided for decades. Palestinian officials say it would destroy the chances of any peace process by prejudging the outcome, and some have said it would constitute a declaration of war against Palestinians. Mahmoud Abbas, the president of the Palestinian Authority in the West Bank, said on Friday that the Palestinians would view any such change in the status quo in Jerusalem as the crossing of a red line. Mosque preachers addressed the proposed embassy move in their sermons during Friday prayers, apparently on the instruction of the Palestinian Authority. The Palestinians demand East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state. Israel captured the area from Jordan in the 1967 war and claims sovereignty there. Hamas, the Islamic militant group that holds sway in Gaza, praised Sunday’s attack, without taking responsibility for it. Fawzi Barhoum, a Hamas official, described it as a “courageous and heroic operation. ” In Gaza City, people were handing out sweets to   in celebration. Nickolay Mladenov, the United Nations special coordinator for the Middle East peace process, condemned the attack in a statement. “It is reprehensible that some choose to glorify such acts, which undermine the possibility of a peaceful future for both Palestinians and Israelis,” he said. “There is nothing heroic in such actions. ” The Palestinian official news agency, WAFA, identified the driver of the truck as Fadi Ahmad   28, a resident of the nearby Palestinian neighborhood of Jabel Mukaber in East Jerusalem. Ribhi Ewiysat, a resident of the neighborhood, said that a large number of Israeli security forces had entered the area and were at the attacker’s house. Chaim Newman, a tour guide who was accompanying the group of soldiers at the scene, told Israel Radio, “The soldiers got off the bus, and we were getting organized when suddenly the truck came with great speed and rammed into the group. ” “Civilians and soldiers began shooting, and this prevented a worse tragedy,” he added. “He rammed them a number of times, going into reverse and forward in order to hurt more people. ” Chen Lendi Sharon, a paramedic from the Magen David Adom ambulance service, said there was “chaos on the scene” when she arrived. “I saw a truck that rammed youngsters getting off the bus next to the Armon Hanatziv observation point. ” Ms. Lendi Sharon said that at least 10 people were trapped under the bus or were lying on the grass by the road. The attack occurred around 1:30 p. m. Dozens of soldiers were getting off buses at the site as part of a routine educational tour of Jerusalem. Aged 18 to 21, they were cadets from an officers’ course, Israel Radio reported. About two hours after the attack, the truck, a white flatbed with a crane on the back, remained at the scene and an ambulance was still removing bodies. Dovy Meyer, a spokesman for the United Hatzalah ambulance service who was at the scene, said that around 100 soldiers had been milling about when the attack occurred. A spate of deadly stabbings, shootings and car attacks began in October 2015 and quickly spread from Jerusalem and the West Bank to cities around Israel. More than 30 Israelis and two American visitors were among those killed in the attacks. More than 240 Palestinians have been killed during that period, many of them while carrying out or intending to carry out attacks, according to Israeli officials. Several attackers have come from the Jabel Mukaber neighborhood. Mr. Netanyahu said the neighborhood had been “encircled” by security forces on Sunday."
176,17485,‘Hidden Figures’ Ties ‘Rogue One’ at Box Office - The New York Times,New York Times,Brooks Barnes,2017-01-08,2017.0,1.0,,"LOS ANGELES  —   It was a surprise photo finish at the weekend box office, with the   drama “Hidden Figures” and “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story” each selling an estimated $22 million in tickets at North American theaters. Most analysts had expected “Rogue One” (Disney) to easily repeat as the No. 1 multiplex attraction. The “Star Wars” spinoff has now collected about $477. 3 million over four weeks. Overseas, it has taken in another $437 million. But in its first weekend in wide release “Hidden Figures” (20th Century Fox) about unsung black heroines in the NASA space race of the 1960s, was lifted by strong reviews, an aggressive   marketing campaign that included a   appeal to faith audiences, and attention on Hollywood’s annual awards circuit. Fox said “Hidden Figures,” directed by Theodore Melfi and starring Octavia Spencer, Taraji P. Henson and Janelle Monáe, did particularly well in San Francisco, Washington, Chicago and Cleveland. Produced by Chernin Entertainment and Levantine Films for about $25 million, after accounting for tax credits, “Hidden Figures” received an   grade from ticket buyers in CinemaScore exit polls. The movie was most popular with women (64 percent of the audience) and people over the age of 35 (about 56 percent of attendees). The animated musical “Sing” (Universal) was next in line, taking in about $20 million, for a   domestic total of $213. 4 million. The weekend’s other new   movie, “Underworld: Blood Wars” (Sony) only managed $13 million in ticket sales, or nearly 50 percent less than the initial results for its 2012 franchise predecessor. Sony noted that “Blood Wars” also cost half as much to make  —   about $35 million  —   and has already taken in $45 million overseas. Sony also blamed winter storms in the Eastern United States for decreasing turnout. Among specialty releases: “Manchester by the Sea” (Roadside Attractions) sold about $2. 5 million in tickets in 1, 054 theaters, lifting its total to $34 million “Patriots Day” (CBS Films and Lionsgate) about the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing, had $105, 000 in seven locations, ahead of its nationwide release on Friday."
177,17486,Israeli Embassy Official Plotted to ‘Take Down’ U.K. Politicians - The New York Times,New York Times,Steven Erlanger,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"LONDON  —   In a deeply embarrassing episode revealed on Sunday, a senior employee of the Israeli Embassy in Britain was recorded plotting to “take down” senior British politicians critical of Israel and calling Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson “an idiot” who “has become minister of foreign affairs without any responsibilities. ” The Israeli ambassador, Mark Regev, offered a formal apology on Friday, according to a statement from the Israeli Embassy. The embassy also said that the employee, Shai Masot, who described himself as a former major in the Israeli Army now working as a political officer, would soon leave his job. Mr. Masot made the comment in October, in footage filmed in a London restaurant and obtained by the newspaper The Mail on Sunday. The recording was made by an Al Jazeera reporter acting undercover, who called himself Robin and who described himself as working for a political group called Labour Friends of Israel, which rejected any connection to him. The conversation involved Mr. Masot and Maria Strizzolo, an aide to Robert Halfon, an education minister and former political director of Conservative Friends of Israel. Mr. Masot was particularly eager to target Alan Duncan, a minister in the Foreign Office who has been critical of Israel and its settlements in occupied Palestinian territory, a sensitive issue in British politics. Mr. Duncan, he said, “is causing a lot of problems. ” In the footage, Mr. Masot asked Ms. Strizzolo, “Can I give you some M. P. s that I would suggest you would take down?” he asked. He went on to say that she knew which M. P. s  —   members of Parliament  —   he was referring to. She asked him to remind her. “The deputy foreign minister,” he said, referring to Mr. Duncan. She said, “You still want to go for it?” His reply was ambiguous, but he said that Mr. Duncan was still causing problems. Ms. Strizzolo then asked, “I thought we had, you know, neutralized him just a little bit, no?” Mr. Masot answered, “No. ” Mr. Masot also mocked the opposition Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, whom he called “crazy,” and his “weirdo” supporters. Ms. Strizzolo told the newspaper that her conversation with Mr. Masot was “   and gossipy. ” But Crispin Blunt, a member of Parliament and the chairman of the Select Committee on Foreign Affairs, said the “apparent activity of a diplomat of a foreign state,” in reference to Mr. Masot, was “formally outrageous and deserving of investigation. ” (In the video, Mr. Masot was also very critical of Mr. Blunt.) Stuart Polak, a member of the House of Lords and the director of Conservative Friends of Israel, said, “We utterly condemn any attempt to undermine Sir Alan, or any minister, or any member of Parliament. ” In its statement, the Israeli Embassy said it “rejects the remarks concerning Minister Duncan, which are completely unacceptable” and described Mr. Masot as “a junior embassy employee who is not an Israeli diplomat, and who will be ending his term of employment with the embassy shortly. ” Mr. Regev, the statement said, spoke to Mr. Duncan on Friday to apologize “and made clear that the embassy considered the remarks to be completely unacceptable. ” Reached on Sunday, Yiftah Curiel, the embassy spokesman, said that Mr. Masot was “not a diplomat and not a   member of diplomatic corps  —   he’s an assistant to the deputy ambassador, who handles parliamentary affairs. ” Mr. Masot, sent from Israel, has been at the embassy for about a year, on a contract that is being terminated. Mr. Curiel emphasized that the Foreign Office judged the issue concluded. “The Israeli ambassador has apologized and is clear these comments do not reflect the views of the embassy or government of Israel,” a Foreign Office spokesman said in a statement. “The U. K. has a strong relationship with Israel, and we consider the matter closed. ”"
178,17487,"Sticker Shock, and Maybe Nausea, Hamper Sales of Virtual Reality Gear - The New York Times",New York Times,Nick Wingfield,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"SEATTLE  —   For a technology to crack the mainstream, there is an unspoken understanding: It shouldn’t make the people who use it want to throw up. And yet there was a reminder, at last week’s International CES trade show in Las Vegas, of how far virtual reality has to go until everyone is ready to fasten   goggles to their faces. At a news conference, Intel, the chip maker, provided virtual reality headsets to about 250 attendees so they could watch a   video from the perspective of sky divers hurtling out of a helicopter in wingsuits. Intel also passed out motion sickness bags to everyone, in case anybody felt inclined to vomit, an unfortunate side effect of turbulent virtual reality experiences for some people. Laura Anderson, an Intel spokeswoman, said the company had provided the bags “out of an abundance of caution and to be tongue in cheek about our immersive experience. ” No one used the bags, she said. It is time for a reality check for virtual reality, one of the most hyped technologies of last year. Sales of the most capable headsets have been sluggish by most estimates, held back by high costs, a lack of   content, and the complexity and awkwardness of the products. Less expensive mobile headsets that use smartphones as their screens are selling better, but are far more limited in what they can do. Many technologists and early adopters of virtual reality remain unchanged in their conviction that the technology will eventually change how entertainment, including games and movies, is experienced by the masses. The major virtual reality headsets from Oculus, HTC and Sony went on sale to the public only last year, and those who thought they would find a large audience within months of release had unrealistic expectations, virtual reality’s advocates say. “This is going to be a long slog, as the technology continues to improve, more content becomes available and awareness increases,” said Jan Dawson, an analyst at Jackdaw Research. Virtual reality now appears to be headed for a phase in the evolution of new technologies known as the “trough of disillusionment,” said Sunny Dhillon, a venture capitalist at Signia Venture Partners, which has invested in virtual reality  . According to the technology research firm Gartner, this stage of the hype cycle for new technologies comes after a period of inflated expectations, but before a phase in which their benefits become commonly accepted. The excitement around virtual reality took a huge leap in March 2014 when Facebook announced it planned to acquire Oculus for $2 billion and the social network’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, suggested that virtual reality could be the next big thing in technology after mobile. That deal sparked a wave of   creating products for virtual reality and a related technology called augmented reality, which overlays digital imagery on a view of the real world, as seen through smartphones and headsets. Last year, $1. 48 billion was invested in   in that category, compared with $331 million the prior year, estimated Pitchbook, a financial data firm. Many of those   were funded before major headsets went on sale to the public. Entrepreneurs raising money in the future are likely to encounter tougher questions about what kind of use their products are getting. “All the major headsets have launched  —   the numbers are coming in,” said Alex Rosenfeld, the founder of Vrideo, a   that acted as a   hub for virtual reality videos. “You’re going to have some companies here that don’t survive. If the industry is going to continue to attract dollars, there’s going to have to be real numbers. ” Vrideo was one of those that did not make it. Mr. Rosenfeld announced at the end of November that he was shutting the company down. He said investors were skeptical about whether Vrideo could compete against larger players like Google’s YouTube and Facebook not pessimistic about the overall future of virtual reality. The companies that make the major headsets do not report their sales, and all of them said they were pleased with the results so far. SuperData Research, a technology research firm, estimated that Oculus had sold 360, 000 headsets and HTC 450, 000 since their products went on sale in March and June, respectively. Both of those headsets require   PCs with powerful processors. The firm estimated that Sony, which began selling a virtual reality headset in October, has sold about 750, 000. Sony’s headset was seen as a potentially big boost to the virtual reality industry because it is less expensive than rival headsets and relies on a PlayStation 4 console, more than 53 million of which have already been sold. A bundle with the PlayStation VR headset and specialized controllers sells for $500, while comparable bundles from HTC and Oculus sell for just under $800 each. Less expensive Sony and Oculus headsets are available without controllers designed for virtual reality. Still, the Sony sales were fewer than SuperData and others had expected. “The holidays were pretty disappointing for many in the industry,” said Doug Renert, a venture capitalist with Tandem Capital. “I’m not all that surprised. ” In a bright spot, Samsung said last week at CES that is had shipped more than five million of its Gear VR headsets, which act as a cradle for a mobile phone, with lenses that create a   image from the phone’s screen. Samsung often runs promotions in which it gives away a headset with the purchase of a Samsung smartphone. Price drops on technology are likely to be a big factor in mainstream acceptance of virtual reality. Starting Monday, a company that makes gaming PCs, CyberPower, will begin selling a $499 computer that can play virtual reality content when used with an Oculus headset. That is hundreds of dollars less than the normal cost. Ergonomic challenges with virtual reality headsets are likely to take longer to overcome. The more powerful headsets must be tethered by thick cables to PCs or consoles, which can tangle up players’ legs when these rigs occlude their view of the real world. Some players have come up with clever solutions to this problem by repurposing Ikea lamps to dangle the cables above their heads. At CES, a   called Sixa showed a wireless adapter called Rivvr that eliminates the need for those cables. “With wireless, V. R. will be ready for the mass market,” said Mykola Minchenko, chief executive of Sixa, which plans to sell its adapter for $200. Mr. Renert, the venture capitalist, said his firm had invested in several   working in virtual reality, including Sixa, despite slow sales of headsets, though the companies are working on technologies in other categories, too. He is confident that virtual reality will one day be a mainstream technology, comparing its evolution to   devices from Apple that were flops and hits. “We’re not at the Newton stage, but I don’t think we’re at iPhone stage,” Mr. Renert said."
179,17488,Queen Elizabeth II Makes First Public Appearance Since Dec. 9 - The New York Times,New York Times,Jonah Engel Bromwich,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"Queen Elizabeth II made her first public appearance in almost a month on Sunday, allaying concerns about her health after she missed Christmas and New Year’s Day church services because of what Buckingham Palace described as a persistent cold. The queen, who will turn 91 in April, attended services at St. Mary Magdalene Church in Sandringham, England, with Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, and his wife, as well as several members of the Duchess of Cambridge’s family, including her sister, Pippa, and brother, James. Before Sunday, the queen, whose appearances are usually a staple of the holiday season, had not been seen in public since Dec. 9. Her absence on Christmas Day was the first time in 30 years that she had not attended the holiday service.   on social media celebrated the queen’s reappearance. “The Queen has been seen in public,” one Twitter user said. “Huge relief. I can sleep easy in my bed now. ” The queen’s   came several weeks after a widespread Twitter hoax started by a fake BBC account that convinced many of her fans that she had died. Despite feeling under the weather, the queen managed to record her traditional Christmas broadcast. “The message of Christmas reminds us that inspiration is a gift to be given as well as received, and that love begins small but always grows,” she said then. “I wish you all a very happy Christmas. ”"
180,17489,"New David Bowie Video Arrives, Hours Before He Would Have Turned 70 - The New York Times",New York Times,Jonah Engel Bromwich,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"Just hours before what would have been his 70th birthday, David Bowie resurfaced. A new video for one of Mr. Bowie’s final songs and a brief EP of previously released tracks were made available late on Saturday, almost exactly a year since the release of the musician’s final album, “Blackstar,” and days before the first anniversary of his death on Jan. 10. The video, for the song “No Plan,” was directed by Tom Hingston, who also worked with Mr. Bowie on videos for the songs “I’d Rather Be High (Venetian Mix)” and “Sue (Or in a Season of Crime). ” The clip features a ghostly row of television screens flashing the lyrics of Mr. Bowie’s song, which explores themes of disembodiment and confusion. Above the screens is a sign for Newton Electrical, a reference to Thomas Jerome Newton, Mr. Bowie’s character in the film “The Man Who Fell to Earth. ” That character was resurrected as the protagonist of “Lazarus,” a musical featuring Mr. Bowie’s songs that began its run in late 2015. All of the songs on the new EP were featured on the “Lazarus” cast recording released this fall. The EP, also called “No Plan,” includes “Lazarus” from “Blackstar,” as well as “No Plan,” “Killing a Little Time” and “When I Met You. ” The four songs, all of which were recorded during sessions for “Blackstar,” are Mr. Bowie’s final studio recordings. Mr. Bowie recorded “Blackstar” with the Donny McCaslin Quartet, a jazz combo he had scouted in Greenwich Village, from January to March 2014 at the Magic Shop in SoHo. In “David Bowie: The Last Five Years,” a new documentary exploring the final period of his career that was broadcast on the BBC on Saturday night, Johan Renck, the director of the “Lazarus” video, said Mr. Bowie had learned his cancer was terminal during the filming of the clip, three months before he died. Reacting to the new release on social media, fans celebrated and mourned the musician anew. “Happy Birthday, Starman,” one Twitter user wrote. “I miss you every single day. ”"
181,17490,Hillary Clinton Receives Ovation at ‘The Color Purple’ - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael Paulson and Michael Barbaro,2017-01-08,2017.0,1.0,,"Hillary Clinton, who has kept a relatively low public profile since losing the presidential election two months ago, on Sunday showed up at the final performance of the Broadway revival of “The Color Purple,” reveling in the story of a beleaguered woman who triumphs over the oppressive men in her life (and, along the way, discovers a love for colorful pants). Mrs. Clinton, accompanied by her husband, former President Bill Clinton, and their daughter, Chelsea, received several ovations from the   audience as she arrived, and then another round of applause when she was acknowledged by the cast after the show. “There’s a lot of really awesome famous and notable people here today,” the actress Patrice Covington, who gave the farewell speech on behalf of the cast after the show, said to the audience. “I’m not going to call all of them out  —   I know you already know them,” she said, before pausing, looking in Mrs. Clinton’s direction, and waving at her mischievously. At that, the audience erupted into a new, loud round of applause. The reaction was substantially warmer than the scattered booing and clapping that greeted the arrival of Vice   Mike Pence when he attended “Hamilton,” just one block north, on Nov. 18. “We love you Hillary,” some audience members shouted. Several thanked Mrs. Clinton and told her, “God bless you. ” “God bless you,” Mrs. Clinton replied. Mrs. Clinton was besieged by   before the show, at intermission and as she was ushered out a side door after the musical ended (“Whoa!” said her husband as they left.) Jordan Serpone, 33, an audience member from Boston, said that spotting Mrs. Clinton was a surprisingly moving experience for him. “I was having every emotion I’ve tried to get rid of over the past few weeks,” he said during intermission. He shook her hand, but said he is still filled with frustration over her loss. “She shouldn’t be here. She should be planning her cabinet,” he said. Because the Sunday matinee was the last performance for the acclaimed production, which won last year’s Tony award for best musical revival, the crowd was starry: Among those in the audience were Jonathan Groff, Mariska Hargitay, Gayle King, Debra Messing, Leslie Odom Jr. Billy Porter, Phylicia Rashad and Anna Wintour. Public sightings of Mrs. Clinton in the weeks since the election have been sufficiently rare that they create a stir on social media. Strangers have sought photographs with her at stores and in the woods near her home in Chappaqua, N. Y. But Mrs. Clinton has indicated that she and her husband plan to attend the inauguration of Donald J. Trump as president on Jan. 20. “The Color Purple” tells the searing story of a young black woman abused by her stepfather and her husband in rural Georgia in the early 20th century. The musical is an adaptation of a   1982 novel, by Alice Walker, which was awarded the 1983 Pulitzer Prize for fiction. Steven Spielberg adapted the novel into a film in 1985, and Oprah Winfrey, who was featured in the film, went on to become an important champion, and   of the musical. The musical has been one of the most successful at attracting black audiences to Broadway. It first opened on Broadway in 2005, and features a book by Marsha Norman and music and lyrics by Stephen Bray, Brenda Russell and Allee Willis. The revival, which opened in 2015 and was directed by John Doyle, featured a   performance by the British actress Cynthia Erivo. She won a Tony award for best actress in a leading role in a musical. The last show took place on Ms. Erivo’s 30th birthday."
182,17491,Ireland Reconsiders Its Constitutional Ban on Abortion - The New York Times,New York Times,Sinead O’Shea,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"DUBLIN  —   An assembly of Irish citizens convened by Parliament is considering changes to one of the most divisive policies in the country: the   ban on abortions, which has been enshrined in Ireland’s Constitution since 1983. The group, a   Citizens’ Assembly led by Mary Laffoy, a Supreme Court judge, does not have the power to change the law. But its mandate from Parliament  —   to examine the full range of medical, legal and ethical issues surrounding abortion  —   suggests a willingness to revisit the ban, one of the most stringent in the Western world. Over the last three months, the assembly has received more than 13, 500 comments from the public  —   more than 1, 000 of which have been published online so far. It pored over these submissions at the Grand Hotel Malahide over the weekend, along with testimony from experts, and is scheduled to issue a report later this year. Abortion was already illegal in Ireland before 1983, but the Eighth Amendment gave “the right to life of the unborn” equal status to “the right to life of the mother” under the Constitution. The amendment was enacted through a voter referendum, and can be altered  —   or abandoned  —   only via another referendum. Several highly publicized cases since then have contributed to and reflected a shift in the public’s mood, however. In 2012, a    woman, Savita Halappanavar, died from septic shock while having a miscarriage, after a hospital denied her an abortion that might have saved her life. And last year, a United Nations committee ruled that Ireland had violated a woman’s rights by forcing her to travel abroad for an abortion even though severe congenital defects had been diagnosed in the fetus. Legal uncertainty over how to define “the unborn” has long dogged the amendment, and the assembly was seen as one response to the panel’s criticisms. It is common for women in Ireland to travel to countries such as Britain and the Netherlands for abortions. Figures from Britain’s National Health Service showed that more than 3, 400 women gave Irish addresses to British abortions clinics in 2015. That said, Ireland remains a conservative society, and the Roman Catholic Church opposes any change in the law. “We believe that every unborn child, irrespective of his or her medical condition or the circumstances of his or her birth, has the right to be treated equally before the law,” the bishops’ conference said in a statement. Submissions posted online expressed a wide range of views, with many of them offering deeply personal perspectives. Leslie Spillane, a woman in her 20s from Cork, in southwestern Ireland, wrote that several of her friends had traveled abroad to terminate their pregnancies. “These friends of mine are also the lucky ones, they have been able to borrow the money for the travel, and they have had friends they could tell,” she wrote. “Abortions happen, everyday. Making them illegal doesn’t stop woman needing, or wanting them, or inflicting them on themselves  —   there will always be coat hangers, broken bottles, painkillers, stairs to fall down, fists to hit, medicines to swallow. ” In a phone interview, she said that “even if you don’t agree with abortion, it’s not morally acceptable to force your views onto others. ” Defenders of the law were equally adamant. “Abortion, in our firm belief, is the taking of human life irrespective of the stage of pregnancy,” wrote Kathleen Gleeson and her husband, Raymond Gleeson, from County Kerry, in southwestern Ireland. Valerie Marjoram, a woman in her 30s in County Kildare, just west of Dublin, described herself as a feminist who opposed abortion on religious grounds. “I find it appalling that a certain brand of feminism would put more effort into obtaining the legal sanction of murdering one’s own child than fighting for the right to carry a child to term without losing one’s pay, career path, promotion, college place,” she said in a phone interview. “The fact that abortion is legal in any country has led to a culture of selfishness where even life can be rescheduled if it happens at the ‘wrong time. ’” The Eighth Amendment has been subject to legal and political challenges over the years. In 1992, Ireland’s highest court upheld the right to an abortion if the mother’s life is at risk, including from suicide, but how to interpret that right remains in dispute. In 1992, voters approved an amendment to the Constitution to allow women to travel abroad for abortions and to receive information about abortion services abroad. And in that year, and again in 2002, voters rejected amendments that would have removed the threat of suicide as grounds for a legal abortion. Conor O’Mahony, a lecturer in law at University College Cork, says the continued contentiousness reveals problems with the wording of the ban. “The Eighth Amendment doesn’t work as a means of regulating abortion, whether you are coming from the   or abortion rights perspective,” he said in a phone interview. “And the evidence I would give you is that neither side has ever been happy with how that amendment has been interpreted and applied over the years. ” He said that public opinion had been gradually shifting in favor of legalizing abortion  —   particularly in cases involving severe fetal abnormalities or rape  —   but predicted that the debate would continue for years even if a referendum was to take place in the near future. Gerard Whyte, a professor of law at Trinity College Dublin, said in a phone interview that it would be unwise to simply repeal the amendment, as some   advocates seek. “If there is no constitutional protection for the unborn, then there is a problem and we’re into uncharted territory,” he said. “I’m simply warning about a situation whereby people decide to repeal the Eighth but don’t add anything else. ”"
183,17492,Rick Ross Documentary Video Doubles as Ad for Checkers - The New York Times,New York Times,Zach Schonbrun,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"In an effort to give back to his hometown community in Florida, Carol City, the   star Rick Ross decided to fulfill a childhood dream: He bought a Checkers   franchise. Why a Checkers? One reason seemed to rise above them all. “The No. 1 fries in the game,” Mr. Ross says in a   video released in December. The video shows Mr. Ross driving around town in his Ford truck, puffing cigars and relating stories from his childhood in the downtrodden community, which is in the Miami area. At a certain point, Mr. Ross begins talking about the burger joint he frequented as a teenager, across the thoroughfare from the carwash where he worked. There was a McDonald’s that was closer, but Checkers, he says, was more affordable. “I made $30 a day from 8 in the morning to 8 at night,” Mr. Ross says. “I went to Checkers. ” Checkers does not typically pursue celebrity endorsements. But when Mr. Ross applied to purchase the Carol City franchise last summer, he seemed so genuine in his affection for the   chain that Checkers recognized a marketing opportunity as straightforward as a  . Still, it did not want a typical campaign. Scott Wakeman, director of marketing for Checkers   Restaurants Inc. and the company’s ad firm, Fitzgerald  Company in Atlanta, turned to the    digital media upstart Woven Digital. The firm has heavy traction among Mr. Ross’s primary audience  —   young men  —   on the entertainment sites that it owns, like Uproxx, Dime and BroBible. Woven has also specialized in   productions that, on the surface, do not feel like ads. To Mr. Wakeman, it seemed like a perfect way to take advantage of Mr. Ross’s charisma and authenticity. “It just felt like such a unique opportunity,” he said. The video, which is 3 minutes 31 seconds long, was filmed over two days in Carol City in late September, mostly as Mr. Ross drove his truck around. Spliced in is footage of pickup basketball games and bikers popping wheelies. The first mention of Checkers comes about halfway through the video. Checkers invests the bulk of its annual marketing budget, about $20 million, in standard television spots, Mr. Wakeman said. By contrast, the Rick Ross ad has been distributed only on social media channels and Uproxx. But Mr. Wakeman said he believed the unusual authenticity of the video  —   and the compelling way Mr. Ross related his story  —   would resonate with viewers more than anything Checkers had tried in the past. “We don’t think of it as an advertisement,” Mr. Wakeman said, adding of Mr. Ross, “We wanted to create a piece of content that captured his love for the brand. ” Last year, Woven teamed up with MillerCoors on a series of short documentary videos that profiled entrepreneurs with expertise in making items like watches and surfboards, or, in one case, doing calligraphy. The   series, sponsored by Coors Banquet beer and run across Uproxx, was intended to reach an audience that has become adept at avoiding traditional advertising. According to Brad Feinberg, senior director of media and digital marketing for MillerCoors, it was a success, receiving more than 33 million views. “This is content that people want to see they’re intrigued by it, they seek it out,” Mr. Feinberg said. “And putting it in long form is something you can do in the digital space that is very cost prohibitive in other places. ”   storytelling might sound incompatible with the   attention spans of millennials, but it can have its advantages. Young men in particular have demonstrated a willingness to sit through longer pieces of content if it aligns with their values and gives them something of value in return, said Leah Swartz, senior content specialist for FutureCast, a part of the Barkley agency of Kansas City, Mo. that focuses on research into millennials. Her team considers this a rewriting of the old ABCs of sales. Rather than the mantra “always be closing,” brands must now think about how they can “always be helping. ” “You have to think about helping your consumer, what you’re providing, what benefits you’re giving, how you’re making their lives more fulfilled,” Ms. Swartz said. For Checkers, turning a story about a hit rapper’s upbringing into a selling point for hamburgers and chicken wings was a bit of a gamble, Mr. Wakeman said. In the video, there are only a couple of references to Checkers’ products, such as Mr. Ross’s unequivocal praise of the French fries. But Mr. Wakeman said the documentary format allowed Mr. Ross’s true voice to shine through. “Food and value are our two big brand pillars, and I think they come through in the spot, in a cool way,” Mr. Wakeman said. “It wasn’t a script. It was just Rick talking about what he loves” about the place. The video also captures moments of spontaneity. The producers originally intended just to film Mr. Ross outside the Checkers, but on the way there, he sent out a message on Instagram offering free burgers to any fans who wanted to meet him in Carol City. About 200 people showed up, and the cameras rolled as he shook hands and ripped open bags of food. Benjamin Blank, the chief executive of Woven, said the company was not trying to conceal that the video was an advertisement. But he said he thought the content itself was meaningful and captivating enough that   viewers ultimately would not mind being sold to. “There were plenty of things Rick could have gotten involved with from a business standpoint,” Mr. Blank said. “But his reason for getting involved with Checkers was a great story. ”"
184,17493,"Along New York Harbor, ‘On the Waterfront’ Endures - The New York Times",New York Times,Joseph Goldstein,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"On an overcast Friday morning last January, longshoremen all over New York Harbor walked off the docks, bringing the port nearly to a stop for a day. What were the longshoremen’s grievances? What were their demands? Many of the men seemed not to know. They hung around the food trucks and milled about the parking lots, unsure why they had stopped working and unsure what it would take for work to resume. “No one knew what that was about,” one recalled recently. A year later, the reason for the strike remains unclear, even as the agency tasked with ridding the waterfront of organized crime, the Waterfront Commission, has questioned dozens of longshoremen under oath. One told the commission he learned of the strike early that morning, when it was too dark to see the face of the man giving the order. It could have been anyone. It was the old D  D  —   Deaf and Dumb, the classic longshoreman’s response, popularized in the 1954 film “On the Waterfront. ” In that movie, the longshoremen were reluctant, even frightened, to talk to the authorities, whether a priest or a detective, because the mob controlled the waterfront. In the years since, much has changed around New York Harbor the heavy lifting is done not by hand but by cranes, and human voices are scarcely heard amid the beeping of the straddle carriers, giant insectlike machines that move containers back and forth. But even as New York and New Jersey’s increasingly valuable shoreline is claimed by luxury development, investigators say the mob is still present. It is where the daughter of one of the mobsters made famous in the 1997 film “Donnie Brasco” is up for a job where the nephew of another famous mobster pulled down more than $400, 000 in a single year because he was almost never off the clock, not even when he was at home sleeping where three consecutive presidents of a Newark longshoremen’s union were convicted of extortion. There is physical evidence as well, like the $51, 900 wrapped in cellophane that was discovered buried in the backyard of a longshoreman. It was, according to federal agents in a 2010 affidavit, the tribute that a group of Newark longshoremen paid the Genovese crime family each Christmas. “You will need another generation or two to get the mob out of this port, because they are very well entrenched,” said one longshoreman who requested anonymity because of a concern for his safety and his livelihood. Those who step out of line, he said, face being reassigned from   jobs unloading container ships to the cruise ship terminals, where the work and the pay is far less. While investigators say the mob and the waterfront remain entwined, both institutions are much diminished today, pushed to the margins of New York City. The  finger piers that once extended from much of Manhattan and Brooklyn are mostly gone.  These days the most famous shipping line in the city is the Circle Line, which does sightseeing tours. Container ships generally head across the harbor to New Jersey, toward the ports of Elizabeth, Newark and Bayonne. They unload at a number of terminals, one of which is owned by a Canadian teachers’ pension fund. The pay is pretty good on the docks  —   plenty of longshoremen make well over $100, 000  —   but the work is often dreary and dangerous. “It’s a funny thing about this port,” a hiring agent at Port Newark named Pasquale Pontoriero was overheard saying in a 2009 wiretap, a few years before his license was revoked because he had associated with organized crime figures. “I call it the Broadway of broken dreams. ” Perhaps the starkest difference at the port today is in how many machines there are, and how few people. A century ago New York Harbor employed 40, 000 longshoremen, who unloaded ships with hook and sling and brawn. Today, the entire workforce is just under 3, 400 longshoremen, many perched behind the controls of cranes and straddle carriers. Yet amid all the transformation, some investigators say, racketeers and mobsters are still as present as the barnacles attached to the piers. In the view of Walter M. Arsenault, the executive director of the Waterfront Commission, the fundamental relationship between the waterfront and the mob remains unchanged since “On the Waterfront. ” “The only difference is now, it’s in color,” Mr. Arsenault said. He based that assessment on several indicators, such as the number of relatives of   figures who continue to hold choice jobs, many of which involve little work and pay unusually high salaries, like the union shop steward position held by Ralph Gigante, the nephew of the boss of the Genovese family, the late Vincent (Chin) Gigante. Ralph Gigante earned $419, 000 in 2014, and has said he believes he holds the union office for life  —   “until death do us part. ” There is also the fact that some of the same New York and New Jersey union officials whom federal prosecutors have in the past accused of racketeering have since risen to the top ranks of the East Coast waterfront union, the International Longshoremen’s Association. One is Harold J. Daggett, the garrulous president, who owns a   yacht, the Obsession, and has been spotted by his members riding in a Bentley. One longshoreman said he had been surprised to catch sight of a holster strapped to Mr. Daggett’s ankle during a meeting. The Justice Department, which has lost two cases against Mr. Daggett, has described him as an “associate” of the Genovese crime family whose rise through the union ranks was part of the mob’s plan. A good portion of the Justice Department’s evidence against him came from the testimony of an aged mob turncoat, George Barone, who had once been a waterfront enforcer for the Genovese family and who described Mr. Daggett as thoroughly under the mob’s control. But Mr. Daggett, on trial in 2005, took the witness stand and portrayed himself as a mob target, describing a 1980 episode in which Mr. Barone had put a gun to his head and threatened to kill him and his family  —   an incident that so terrified Mr. Daggett he urinated in his pants, according to news accounts. During that trial, one of Mr. Daggett’s   a reputed mobster named Lawrence Ricci, went missing. Several weeks after the men were acquitted, Mr. Ricci’s decomposing body was found in the trunk of a car outside a New Jersey diner. The murder, which Mr. Arsenault said is the last known waterfront killing, remains unsolved. Mr. Daggett declined, through the longshoremen’s association’s spokesman, to be interviewed. But alluding to his brushes with the Justice Department, Mr. Daggett joked at a union conference in Puerto Rico in 2015 that when he was invited to the White House for a labor meeting, “I thought I might have a better chance ending up in the big house, but there I was, your I. L. A. president, at the White House. ” But Mr. Daggett’s lawyer in that 2005 trial, George Daggett (his cousin) said in a recent interview that “the mob on the waterfront is a myth”  —   something that has not been true for half a century. Mr. Daggett, who frequently represents longshoremen in litigation with the Waterfront Commission, said that the agency prefers to pretend “we’re still in the ’50s. ” “They can’t say, ‘We got rid of the mob,’ because then there’s no reason for them to be in existence,” George Daggett said. “I challenge them to prove mob influence on the piers. What have they come up with? A couple of guys here and a stray guy there?” The mob’s grip over the New York waterfront began nearly a century ago and was predicated on a few simple facts: The work was uneven, depending on a ship’s arrival time, and yet the cargo needed to be unloaded quickly, so that produce did not spoil and the shelves of America’s stores could remain stocked. Gangsters quickly realized that the piers were the choke point of the economy, and that a dizzying array of rackets were available to them. They pilfered cargo as it came ashore and extorted truckers who had come to collect cargo or drop it off. And, most cruelly, the mob controlled which of the longshoreman would be selected to work. Theirs was some of the most dangerous work in the country, but longshoremen had to beg to get it. At the   on the piers, where longshoremen would gather each morning in the hope of joining the group that would work on an arriving ship, it was common for a man to place a toothpick behind his ear, a signal that he would kick back some of his pay. All this began to change with containerization, as goods were no longer shipped loose but packed into containers that stacked efficiently, and transferred easily between ships and trucks and trains. With cranes doing the lifting, the number of longshoremen plummeted by more than 90 percent. Today, advances in automation threaten to reduce the number of longshoremen even further. As the workforce dwindled, the remaining jobs became well paid. This was a result of a shrewd move by the longshoremen’s association: The union negotiated a flat fee, today roughly $5 a ton, that the shipping industry would pay into various funds to provide an income for   longshoremen and supplement the benefits and income of those who would work fewer hours as a result. As global trade has soared, the few longshoremen who remain have seen their paychecks grow. The waterfront today has largely receded from the city’s consciousness and even its geography. And to some extent, so has the mob. Decimated by mass prosecutions over the last three decades, New York’s five crime families have struggled to adapt. While there have been some new, profitable ventures, like online gambling, the waterfront still exerts its own pull. Mr. Arsenault referred to the waterfront as the mob’s “last candy jar. ” In recent years, the union has brazenly recommended friends or relatives of organized crime figures for jobs on the docks, said Phoebe S. Sorial, the general counsel for the Waterfront Commission. She said the union has sought waterfront jobs for “people who posted bail for organized figures” and “people who are in business with organized crime figures,” along with any number of relatives. In 2014, for instance, the union recommended the    daughter of one of New York’s most famous mobsters, Benjamin (Lefty) Ruggiero (played by Al Pacino in the film “Donnie Brasco”) Mr. Arsenault said, adding that other such cases abound. “You can’t throw a rock on either side of the waterfront without hitting a brother, son or daughter of a made member,” Mr. Arsenault said, using the terminology for someone who has been inducted into a crime family. The   Waterfront Commission was formed in 1953 to fight organized crime on the docks. For many years, before it came under new leadership in 2008, it was a   and sleepy agency. Since then it has focused on extensive background checks, mapping the familial relationships between mobsters and longshoremen  —   an elaborate genealogy project. The Gigantes, for instance, have 10 relatives  —   mostly nephews,   and grandsons  —   working on the waterfront, according to the commission. This kind of blatant nepotism was impressive if not especially unusual. And yet Mr. Daggett, the union president, objects to the assumption that these sorts of arrangements necessarily signal corruption. “There is an old saying,” he once proclaimed at a public hearing, slightly stretching the degree of kinship in the adage, “‘The son or a nephew should not carry the sins of a father or an uncle. ’” Many of those with relatives in organized crime say the insinuation that they themselves are mixed up in racketeering is hurtful, untrue and yet maybe inescapable. “When I started out, people were a little standoffish because of fear, because of my ancestors,” James Anastasio said. His father’s uncle was Albert Anastasia, once the head of what the press called Murder, Inc. he was “Lord High Executioner,” as his 1957 obituary in The Daily News put it. “Although once they got to know me and realized I had nothing to do with that, they treated me as a normal person. ” Mr. Anastasio, who runs a training institute for longshoremen and is also an executive at a crane company, said that in his long career on the waterfront, “I’ve never really come across the mob. ” “As far as I know, no, the mob is no longer on the waterfront,” he added. “I can’t say there are not small pockets of bad people, but as far as big influence  —   not that I’ve seen in my lifetime. ” George Daggett, the lawyer and cousin of the union president, said that the Waterfront Commission has taken to harassing some longshoremen with relatives reputed to be organized crime figures. He cited a lawsuit he had brought on behalf of a longshoreman in New Jersey named Pasquale Falcetti Jr. Mr. Falcetti, he said, was denied a port registration card by the Waterfront Commission for no other reason, apparently, than “who this kid’s father is”  —   Pasquale (Uncle Patty) Falcetti, a convicted racketeer and reputed leader in the Genovese family, currently finishing a federal prison sentence. The union has complained about such aggressive tactics, and the longstanding antipathy between the longshoremen’s association and the Waterfront Commission may have been the driving force behind the strike last year. And yet a spokesman for the longshoremen’s association, James McNamara, said the union did not give the order for the strike and urged the longshoremen to return to work. “What we had heard,” Mr. McNamara said, “was the men were seemingly protesting against the Waterfront Commission and what was perceived as harassment. ” As for the presence of organized crime along the waterfront, Mr. McNamara said the mob had no influence anymore. “They just don’t,” he said. “It’s a highly automated, highly sophisticated industry. ” He added, “You just don’t hear about that at all anymore. ” But another viewpoint was offered two years ago by Sabato (Sal) Catucci, a legendary waterfront figure who operated the stevedoring company that ran the Red Hook docks in Brooklyn until 2011. At a public hearing before the Waterfront Commission in 2010, he protested investigators’ insinuation that the ports were under mob control. He was so wary of being tarred as a mobster that he even chose what to wear with care. “I didn’t come in here with a black shirt today, because I don’t feel that I wanted to be stereotyped,” he said. Yet just a few years later, Mr. Catucci, now locked in a battle over a contract to operate the Red Hook port, accused the longshoremen’s union of threatening him during negotiations. He had been told he would be taken out “in a box,” according to a lawsuit he filed. One vice president of the union “shoved me and threatened to knock me out,” Mr. Catucci said in a 2014 affidavit, in which he claimed that some of the waterfront’s most powerful figures “are, or are associated with, thugs who get their way by intimidation and force. ” Investigators insist that the same rackets that gave life to “On the Waterfront” continue today. Mr. Arsenault checked off the various forms of thievery and extortion, both big and small, that he learned of through his investigations.    containers occasionally disappear, most likely the result of theft. Truckers, in order to be allowed to retrieve their container and leave the port, have been encouraged to buy overpriced bottles of water, or even Girl Scout cookies from the longshoremen, he said. Robert Stewart, a longtime anticorruption prosecutor who until last year had worked in a   role for 13 years to rid a longshoremen’s local in Bayonne of organized crime, said that mob influence on the waterfront was “a tad better” than in the past. “You don’t have bodies showing up,” he said. But he said he wondered whether the mob had not simply directed its attention to a different source of income. For years, investigators have suspected that the mob’s most lucrative targets on the waterfront are the longshoremen benefit funds, including what is known as the “container royalty fund,” the fund that pays extra wages to longshoremen each year as compensation for the diminished work that came with containerization. The funds are worth a great deal of money one received more than $95 million in 2014. They also tend to be rather opaque. “It is an awfully inviting target, and knowing the cast of characters involved here, to think they’re not getting a piece of this is unrealistic,” Mr. Stewart said. The list of employees at the benefits fund, said one law enforcement official, include an accountant and a director of operations who are the children of dead organized crime figures. But John Nardi, the president of the New York Shipping Association, a trade group that has a role in managing the funds, said he had seen no evidence of misconduct. “Based on people’s names you can make a lot of assumptions,” he said. However, he said, “All monies are accounted for. ”"
185,17494,Seeing America Through Ángel Franco’s Eyes - The New York Times,New York Times,Dan Barry,2017-01-04,2017.0,1.0,,"Times Insider delivers    insights into life at The New York Times. In a large newsroom, the collaboration between a reporter and a photographer often depends on the whims of their respective assigning editors, who calculate strengths, weaknesses, and, most of all, availability. Who’s up to cover that fire? Who’s up to shoot it? The resulting slapdash teamwork between writer and photographer can end as quickly as it began they may work together the next day, or never again. But for many years now, I have been fortunate to work with exceptional New York Times photographers for extended periods of time while writing a national column called “This Land. ” Lately, I have been collaborating with Todd Heisler, a stunningly gifted photographer and a great companion. Before Todd, I traveled for several years beside the recently retired Nicole Bengiveno, whose profound empathy comes through in her camera’s every click, and who deserves some formal commendation for having put up with a certain hack  —   me  —   for so long. And before Nicole, there was Ángel Franco, who retired last month to end a storied Times career  —   and who began the “This Land” column with me 10 years ago this month. The template for our relationship  —   indeed, for “This Land”  —   was established in early 2007, as we headed out to do our inaugural column, one on Logan, a small West Virginia city struggling with a fatal mine disaster and the decline of King Coal. Mr. Franco and I began by walking the streets, noticing: the coal train running through the city’s core the dust settling on buildings along the tracks and the Jesus Christ carved from anthracite, prominent in a store’s window display. Noticing  —   that was the word for it. At one point we went to a small diner, and engaged in a brief exchange with the waitress. After she had taken our order, I asked, “Did you hear what she said?” And Mr. Franco repeated her words exactly: “‘Are we ready yet, children? ’” There it was. As with Todd and Nicole, as with so many other photographers  —   and may God forgive any reporter who uses the term “my photographer”  —   Mr. Franco is an attentive observer, witnessing and listening always. In that   diner, I knew that my Times colleague embraced the storytelling worth of the small and quiet moment. This is going to be fun, I thought. For the next two years, Mr. Franco and I produced a column a week, just about, and wound up filing    dispatches from each of the 50 states. This, of course, was madness. Our weeks would often begin on Monday at Newark Liberty International Airport, and end on Friday, or Saturday, even Sunday, with frantic efforts to figure out where to go to next. Louisiana? Montana? Maine? (The only way we were able to maintain some semblance of sanity, by the way, was by having the great Cate Doty help us with possible story ideas, travel logistics and dinner recommendations she was a full partner in this misbegotten venture. I also owe a debt of gratitude to then National desk editor, Suzanne Daley, and then deputy national editor, David Firestone, both of whom were integral in allowing “This Land” to begin.) You can look it up. We went to a retirement home in  Penney Farms, Fla. to visit the coroner in “The Wizard of Oz. ” To Havana, Ill. to report on the Asian carp infesting the Illinois River. To Kalaupapa, Hawaii, to meet the last residents of a colony to which those with leprosy, also known as Hansen’s disease, were once relegated. To Nashville to witness an execution by electric chair. To Bethel, Alaska, to explore the    games of bootleggers. To Bill, Wyo.  —   population five, maybe  —   to stay in a new hotel catering to railway workers. To Cottage Grove, Wis. to meet the pastor who baptized Jeffrey Dahmer in a prison whirlpool. To Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, to uncover the    intrigue at a county fair’s  . To Denver, to cover the annual convention of the Sovereign Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows (where we felt perfectly at home). Kalispell, Mont. Lake Mead, Nev. Ainsworth, Neb. Newport, Ind. Pascagoula, Miss. Greensburg, Kan. Hollywood, Md. Sylva, N. C. The datelines blur into one American story, captured in all its breadth by Mr. Franco and his camera. I often had no idea what to do for the next column. One Saturday morning, while scanning online newspapers for ideas, I noticed a news brief about a farewell breakfast in a V. F. W. hall in Mohave Valley, Ariz. for a high school graduate named Resha Kane. After the meal, she was to be taken by motorcycle escort to Las Vegas, to catch a flight to Fort Hood, where she would begin her Army career in exchange for college tuition. I called my good friend Mr. Franco  —   who, of course, got it immediately. We flew out the next day, and were present when Ms. Kane, who looked much younger than her 18 years, said her goodbyes. Mr. Franco’s memorable photograph of this young woman in fatigues, saying goodbye to her father  —   the fear of her unknown, of our unknown, conveyed in her eyes  —   hangs in the newsroom. Once again he had noticed, and captured, that small and quiet moment. Working closely with Mr. Franco for two years, I could not help but be blown away by his fierce dedication to his art, by his determination to capture a moment’s essence  —   and by his unflagging reportorial curiosity, which led to my favorite moments on assignment: the evening debriefing. Sitting in a booth at a Chili’s or Texas Roadhouse hard against some interstate, Mr. Franco and I would pore over what we had just seen and heard, comparing notes, dissecting motives, framing The Story to come. One modest testament to Mr. Franco’s art is in how I remember our travels. It’s not my opening paragraphs or closing kickers that I recall, but rather Mr. Franco’s photographs, which return me so completely to the Mississippi despair of a   FEMA trailer, to the   joy of a small Maine amusement park, to the expansive wonder of a remote South Dakota spot known as the Center of the Nation. It is a rare privilege to see this great country, in all its heartbreaking,   wonder, on the dime of your employer. A rarer privilege, still, to have also seen it through the   eyes of Ángel Franco."
186,17495,"Review: ‘The Present’: Even in Russia, It’s Hard to Turn 40 - The New York Times",New York Times,Ben Brantley,2017-03-27,2017.0,3.0,,"As is so often the case, the party doesn’t really get going until everybody is good and drunk. Then, after much wine, vodka and awkward conversation, comes a fabulous eruption of runaway hedonism. Maybe, you think, coming to this shindig wasn’t such a bad idea, after all. You’ve known such moments, surely, when the spectacle of people going stark raving wild carries its own irresistible, anarchic logic. A feeling of vital connection saturates the room like the fizz from an exploded bottle of Champagne. Alas, the thrill is   a lonely cascade of fireworks in a night of damp squibs. And the briefly, beautifully animated revelers go back to being their soggy, miserable selves. That’s what happens  —   in terms of both plot and performance  —   toward the end of the first half of “The Present,” the Sydney Theater Company’s sprawling and confused adaptation of a sprawling and confused play written by a young Anton Chekhov. This fitful Australian import, which opened on Sunday night at the Barrymore Theater, chronicles the bad behavior at one   birthday celebration. The mistress of these revels, I am happy to report, is the extraordinary screen star Cate Blanchett, making a   Broadway debut. Ms. Blanchett is portraying the hostess and birthday girl, Anna, a ravishing widow who is unhappily turning 40. Ms. Blanchett knows how to hold a stage and, if necessary, hijack it. Her   performances in “A Streetcar Named Desire” (at the Brooklyn Academy of Music) and “Uncle Vanya” (at New York City Center) both for the Sydney Theater Company, were as brilliant as they were brave. Such commanding,   charisma is useful if you’re attempting to hold together a badly assembled party or, for that matter, play. But here Ms. Blanchett’s   inventiveness is as sorely taxed as that of her character. Anna’s party turns into the kind of disaster that ends not only in tears but also bloodshed. This production, on the other hand, feels moribund from the beginning. Frantic attempts at resuscitation by Ms. Blanchett and her valiant leading man (and unforgettable   in “Uncle Vanya”) a tireless Richard Roxburgh as a hapless homme fatale, only occasionally succeed in eliciting a pulse. “The Present,” which has been adapted by Andrew Upton (Ms. Blanchett’s husband) and directed by John Crowley, is the Chekhov play that almost got away. Though the scholarship on its origins is uncertain, it appears that Chekhov began writing it as an    student, and it exudes a youthful, passionate untidiness. Its manuscript, a whopper in length, wasn’t published until nearly two decades after his death. An uncut version would take at least five hours this one is three. The eminent playwrights Michael Frayn and David Hare, among others, have done their best to domesticate this shaggy behemoth. Mr. Frayn reconceived it as an elegant sex farce, under the title “Wild Honey” (seen briefly on Broadway in the  ) while Mr. Hare’s adaptation hewed closer to the more brooding, tragicomic template usually associated with Chekhov. That version is called “Platonov,” and I saw a fine production of it at London’s National Theater last summer. Directed by Jonathan Kent, it was set in the period in which it was written. And the vestiges of   decorum served as an appropriately chafing corset for the flabby plot. Mr. Upton drags the story out of the twilight of the czars and into the   morning after of the  . As in the original script, it’s a period of profound uneasiness, when a nation’s future is murky and its citizens unsure of their roles. But despite the inclusion of several   soliloquies on recent Russian history, it’s hard to comprehend what they’re reacting against here. Exit the robber barons (and the real aristocrats) enter the   oligarchs and their murderous henchmen. Farewell, balalaikas hello, the Clash. As for those without a fixed part in the new scheme of things, they’re the same old kvetchers of yore, doomed to circular philosophizing and   drinking. Chief among these is Mikhail Platonov (Mr. Roxburgh) a provincial schoolteacher of vaulting wit and unfulfilled aspirations. He knew Anna when she was the young trophy wife of a powerful general, now dead. It’s at the general’s summer dacha  —   rendered with all the personality of an Ikea showroom by the show’s designer, Alice Babidge  —   that Anna has chosen to celebrate her birthday. Her guests include her stepson, Sergei (Chris Ryan) who as a youth was best friends with Nikolai (Toby Schmitz) and Mikhail, who is married to Nikolai’s sister, Sasha (Susan Prior). Though Mikhail is a bloviator, a womanizer and a mean drunk, Sasha loves her   husband. So, more problematically, do all the other women in the play, who, in addition to the patrician Anna, include Sergei’s wife, Sophia (Jacqueline McKenzie) a humanitarian physician, and Nikolai’s girlfriend, Maria (Anna Bamford). It’s hard to fathom the attraction, but apparently once you’ve had your first whiff of him, Mikhail is as addictive and dangerous as crack cocaine. Maybe it’s because he’s livelier and more subversive than the other guys, who include Anna’s rich older suitors, Alexei (Martin Jacobs) and Yegor (David Downer). But like most of his contemporaries, Mikhail can’t stop talking about how directionless his life is. Such flailing is common in Chekhov. But usually you understand the specific, idiosyncratic places his characters are coming from. In this version, everyone seems to be flailing interchangeably, in the same stale vacuum, for all eternity. (Setting the play’s third section in what looks like a   dreamscape only compounds the impression.) Ms. Blanchett does bring colorful shades of excitement to being bored. Her Anna plays a great game of dramatically uninterested chess, and her response to a rambling speech by Mikhail at the lunch table is priceless. (Hint: it involves the removal of an undergarment.) That comes just before that     bacchanal I wrote about earlier. It’s one of the most memorable party sequences I’ve ever seen, a volcanic channeling of a displaced class’s fear, anger and disgust. These people want to blow up their world, and in a way they do, most entertainingly. That leaves us with another full hour of tediously sorting through the ashes."
187,17496,"A Love Lost, and a Life to Be Regained - The New York Times",New York Times,Emily Palmer,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"He was not her type. He was too old for her. She would never give him her number. And then she did. And he called her. And they fell in love. He called three times a day for a week before she finally answered. Alena Kastsiuk picked up the phone that May morning in 2011 only to yell at him for waking her. “How about sushi?” he responded. Ms. Kastsiuk, a waitress who had worked other   jobs, had little money for such luxuries. Her refrigerator was empty, so she agreed. The sushi date lasted five and a half hours. Although he was almost twice her age, Ms. Kastsiuk, a film directing major from Belarus struggling to find her way into New York’s film industry, discovered much in common with the Russian pianist across from her. The pianist, Vladimir Spitsberg, had arrived in New York State more than 20 years earlier, worked as a digital media arts instructor at Touro College in Manhattan and played with his band, Gypsy Fun Trio, at a Russian restaurant and piano bar in Midtown Manhattan. “I fell in love that day,” said Ms. Kastsiuk, now 29. “And I didn’t even understand love yet. ” They married three weeks later. “Maybe three and a half weeks,” she said. It was not a marriage of convenience. Neither was a United States citizen. They married for love, but the ceremony was a nightmare. On what was supposed to be her wedding day, Ms. Kastsiuk discovered that the security tag was still attached to her dress. Mr. Spitsberg pulled at it, and yellow paint exploded on her gown. She changed into a sundress, and they hurtled to the Brooklyn clerk’s office with 30 minutes to spare before it closed. But they forgot their rings and had to turn back to retrieve them. They made it back to the clerk’s office just after it closed. Friends were waiting at Uncle Vanya Cafe in Midtown and the party could not be called off, so they put together an impromptu ceremony with a friend splashing them with Cognac and sliding the rings over their fingers. He declared them married. The next morning, they returned to the clerk’s office to marry for real. By 2014, they had created Karma World Productions, a film company, where she handled the editing and videography and he produced the music. Ms. Kastsiuk had noticed signs of her husband’s health problems  —   his ashen face and frequent sweats  —   before their marriage. Sometimes he would collapse on her couch, unable to make it home. But he did not tell her about his longtime heart and blood pressure problems. Mr. Spitsberg lost his teaching job in 2014. His band started to play at a different restaurant later that year, leading to further stress. He was asked to advise a film project about Russian immigrants in the United States, but the job fell through. He agreed to compose the film’s score, instead. Depressed, Mr. Spitsberg drank, skipped his heart medication and refused to go to a hospital. Helpless, Ms. Kastsiuk watched as his late hours with the band and heavy drinking took a toll. “I was fighting for him all the time,” she said. “But his style of life was taking him away from me. ” On May 13, Ms. Kastsiuk heard her husband calling from the bedroom. “He was sitting on the bed, white and sweating,” she said. “Everything was wet. ” She called 911 and waited for help. “Sit close to me,” he said. When emergency responders arrived, the numbness in his chest had spread to his legs. As Mr. Spitsberg was taken to a hospital, Ms. Kastsiuk followed on a bicycle, calling his cellphone repeatedly on the way. But Mr. Spitsberg, 51, was pronounced dead before she arrived. In the emergency room, she held his hand, not letting go until his fingers turned blue. On a cold December morning, sitting inside a Midtown office, seven months after his death, Ms. Kastsiuk still spoke of him in the present tense. She reflected on a life beginning with their romance. She had come to New York in 2008 at 21, initially on a student visa. With $100 in her pocket, she supported herself as a maid, a waitress and a flower seller. Meeting college students in film school in fall 2010, she produced several small video projects. But Mr. Spitsberg had introduced her to an entirely different New York, with evenings at Samovar, the Midtown restaurant where his band played, drinking vodka and singing Russian songs. She networked with producers, became a business partner with her husband and made films. Without children, the couple got a West Highland white terrier. Returning to their Coney Island apartment on the day he died, she felt trapped, as if still in the moments before his death. Valeriy Zhmud, the friend who led the couple’s unofficial marriage ceremony, joined her with a bottle of Mr. Spitsberg’s favorite pinot noir, and she opened the fridge to find the pork that he had cooked the day before. Overcome, she threw it out. But life outside the apartment continued. The band hired another pianist. The couple’s film company halted operation. Financial trouble, which had been a problem for years, increased after his death. Though she is in the country legally, Ms. Kastsiuk does not have a green card, something she is pursuing now. She received a   payment of $255 from Social Security after her husband’s death. Without his income, she is looking for a roommate to split the cost of her $1, 350 rent. Over the summer, the Jewish Board of Family and Children’s Services, a beneficiary agency of   of New York, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, provided Ms. Kastsiuk with $1, 481 of Neediest funds to cover one month’s rent and electricity. “I didn’t know what to do,” Ms. Kastsiuk recalled. “And I didn’t think they’d help me. I’m not Jewish, but that didn’t matter to them. ” The organization has helped with another month’s rent and provided bereavement counseling to help her start over in a city filled with memories of her husband. She takes comfort in walks with their dog. “He’s the only family I have right now,” she said. “He looks at me and understands my heart. ”"
188,17497,"Jared Kushner, a Trump In-Law and Adviser, Chases a Chinese Deal - The New York Times",New York Times,"Susanne Craig, Jo Becker and Jesse Drucker",2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"On the night of Nov. 16, a group of executives gathered in a private dining room of the restaurant La Chine at the Waldorf Astoria hotel in Midtown Manhattan. The table was laden with Chinese delicacies and $2, 100 bottles of Château Lafite Rothschild. At one end sat Wu Xiaohui, the chairman of the Waldorf’s owner, Anbang Insurance Group, a Chinese financial behemoth with estimated assets of $285 billion and an ownership structure shrouded in mystery. Close by sat Jared Kushner, a major New York real estate investor whose    Donald J. Trump, had just been elected president of the United States. It was a mutually auspicious moment. Mr. Wu and Mr. Kushner  —   who is married to Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka and is one of his closest advisers  —   were nearing agreement on a joint venture in Manhattan: the redevelopment of 666 Fifth Avenue, the fading crown jewel of the Kushner family   empire. Anbang, which has close ties to the Chinese state, has seen its aggressive efforts to buy up hotels in the United States slowed amid concerns raised by Obama administration officials who review foreign investments for national security risk. Now, according to two people with knowledge of the   Mr. Wu toasted Mr. Trump and declared his desire to meet the   whose ascension, he was sure, would be good for global business. Since the election, intense scrutiny has been trained on Mr. Trump’s company and the potential conflicts of interest he will face. But with Mr. Kushner laying the groundwork for his own White House role, the meeting at the Waldorf shines a light on his family’s   business, Kushner Companies, and on the ethical thicket he would have to navigate while advising his    on policy that could affect his bottom line. Unlike the Trump Organization, which has shifted its focus from acquisition to branding of the Trump name, the Kushner family business, led by Mr. Kushner, is a major real estate investor across the New York area and beyond. The company has participated in roughly $7 billion in acquisitions in the last decade, many of them backed by opaque foreign money, as well as financial institutions Mr. Kushner’s    will soon have a hand in regulating. The Anbang talks, which have not previously been reported, began roughly six months ago  —   “Well before the  ’s victory,” Mr. Kushner’s spokeswoman, Risa Heller, noted. That was, however, just as Mr. Trump clinched the Republican nomination. While the talks are far along, representatives for Mr. Kushner said some points remained unresolved. Ms. Heller declined to outline the financial terms under discussion. Mr. Kushner, who declined to be interviewed for this article, has hired a leading Washington law firm, WilmerHale, to advise him on how to comply with federal ethics laws should he join the White House staff as an adviser to the president. The firm has concluded that one potential sticking point, a federal   law, is not applicable, though not all ethics experts agree. While the law prohibits federal officials from hiring relatives for agencies they lead, Mr. Kushner’s lawyers argue, among other things, that the White House is not an agency and is therefore exempt. As for conflicts of interest, Mr. Kushner would be required to make limited financial disclosures, which could give the public a clearer picture of his holdings. And, unlike Mr. Trump, who as president will be exempt from    laws, he would have to recuse himself from decisions with a “direct and predictable effect” on his financial interests. Jamie S. Gorelick, a WilmerHale partner who served in the Clinton administration, said that while plans were not final, Mr. Kushner was taking significant steps to extricate himself from the family business. “Mr. Kushner is committed to complying with federal ethics laws, and we have been consulting with the Office of Government Ethics regarding the steps he would take,” she said. He will resign as chief executive of Kushner Companies, and though the law does not require it, she said he would divest “substantial assets. ” She did not name them, but Ms. Heller said they would include his stake in 666 Fifth Avenue. Just how meaningful that plan is remains to be seen. Mr. Kushner’s representatives declined to detail his personal financial interest in Kushner Companies’ properties, and they said he intended to keep his interest in other properties beyond 666 Fifth Avenue. He also has a stake, through a family investment vehicle, in a private equity firm run by his brother, Joshua, with   investments of its own. Mr. Kushner, who turns 36 on Tuesday, has emerged as one of the most powerful figures in Mr. Trump’s orbit. Already he is involved in steering policy, making personnel choices and serving as the middleman between foreign leaders, the White House and the   in ways that could affect his business, even as companies like Anbang see opportunity in entering into new ventures with the  ’s   . Mr. Kushner played a pivotal role in persuading Mr. Trump, who made the Wall Street powerhouse Goldman Sachs a bête noire of his presidential campaign, to appoint the firm’s president, Gary D. Cohn, as his chief economic adviser, according to several people involved in the transition. (Like a number of people interviewed for this article, they spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss internal matters.) Goldman Sachs has lent the Kushner Companies money and is an investor in a real estate technology company   by Mr. Kushner and his brother. Mr. Trump has said that his    an Orthodox Jew, will play a central role in dealings with Israel, describing him as so talented that he could help “do peace in the Middle East. ” Mr. Kushner’s company has received multiple loans from Israel’s largest bank, Bank Hapoalim. The incoming Trump administration will inherit a Justice Department investigation into allegations that the bank helped wealthy Americans evade taxes. Indeed, despite a lack of foreign policy experience, Mr. Kushner is emerging as an important figure at a crucial moment for some of America’s most complicated diplomatic relationships. Such is his influence in the geopolitical realm that transition officials have told the Obama White House that foreign policy matters that need to be brought to Mr. Trump’s attention should be relayed through his    according to a person close to the transition and a government official with direct knowledge of the arrangement. So when the Chinese ambassador to the United States called the White House in early December to express what one official called China’s “deep displeasure” at Mr. Trump’s break with longstanding diplomatic tradition by speaking by phone with the president of Taiwan, the White House did not call the  ’s national security team. Instead, it relayed that information through Mr. Kushner, whose company was not only in the midst of discussions with Anbang but also has Chinese investors. Ethics experts said that while the    law is narrowly drawn, Mr. Kushner’s mix of roles leads inevitably to ethical questions. Matthew T. Sanderson, a lawyer at Caplin  Drysdale and former general counsel to Senator Rand Paul’s presidential campaign, said deals like the one with Anbang “might not be illegal under the    rules, but raise a strong appearance that a foreign entity is using Mr. Kushner’s business to try to influence U. S. policy. ” Without knowing details of Mr. Kushner’s holdings and divestiture plans, he said, the merits of his proposal are hard to assess. Even if he divests his stake in certain properties, Mr. Sanderson added, “it strikes me as a  ” that “still poses a real    issue and would be a drag on Mr. Trump’s presidency and cause the American people to question Mr. Kushner’s role in policy making. ” Like the   Mr. Kushner built on the fortune of a successful father. In the 1980s, his father, Charles Kushner, took over the New   construction business started by his own father, a Holocaust survivor from Poland. Charles expanded into office buildings and apartments, eventually assembling a $1 billion real estate business and becoming a leading Democratic donor, contributing to politicians in New Jersey and New York and winning appointment to the board of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. But the company was upended when Charles became engulfed in a nasty family feud over how the business’s proceeds were to be distributed. The fight, which played out in a federal courthouse in Newark, resulted in a plea deal for Charles, who in 2005 was sentenced to two years in prison for tax evasion, witness tampering and making illegal campaign donations. The family infighting was so bitter that, at one point, Charles hired a prostitute to seduce his    videotaped the encounter and sent the footage to his sister. Jared, 23 at the time of his father’s conviction, had recently graduated from Harvard. He was studying for an M. B. A. and law degree at New York University in 2006 when he bought The New York Observer, at the time an influential weekly newspaper known for its coverage of the city’s elite and   real estate. It is unclear exactly when he assumed control of the family business. The company now says he became chief executive in 2008, but contemporaneous news accounts rarely describe him that way until 2012. Nevertheless, Mr. Kushner quickly became the company’s public face as it expanded across the Hudson River into Manhattan, much as Mr. Trump had left Queens for the big city decades before. Charles Kushner was released from federal custody in August 2006. He immediately resumed a significant role in the business and remains heavily involved today. Still, it was with Jared as headliner that the company soon made its biggest play ever: $1. 8 billion for the skyscraper at 666 Fifth Avenue that would remain at the center of its story to this day. It was the highest price ever paid for a single office building in the United States  —   and more than three times what its seller had paid six years earlier. Around this time, Mr. Kushner met the woman he would marry: Ivanka Trump. “” the headlines blared, as the New York tabloids celebrated a match made in real estate heaven. Everything was looking up, until suddenly it wasn’t. Within a year after the deal, the overheated lending market seized up and Kushner Companies struggled to repay its considerable loans  —   and to hold on to 666 Fifth Avenue. To the rescue over the next few years came the Carlyle Group, a giant private equity firm Vornado Realty Trust, then a   of two of Mr. Trump’s largest properties and Inditex, owner of Zara, the fashion retailer founded by Amancio Ortega, the Spanish tycoon who is one of the world’s wealthiest men. In the end, Mr. Kushner’s company survived, and he and Ms. Trump became fixtures on the international   circuit. In August, they were spotted with Wendi Deng, an   of Rupert Murdoch, on the   yacht Rising Sun, owned by the entertainment mogul David Geffen. Several weeks later, they were photographed watching the United States Open tennis finals with the art collector Dasha Zhukova, wife of the Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich, a member of President Vladimir V. Putin’s inner circle. Since 2012, Kushner Companies has been on a buying spree. It has acquired at least 120 properties, mostly a mix of existing commercial and residential buildings in New York and New Jersey, according to data compiled by Real Capital Analytics, a research firm. Recent deals include the $340 million acquisition of the Jehovah’s Witnesses’ headquarters in the shadow of the Brooklyn Bridge, and $345 million for a nearby plot of undeveloped land. Mr. Kushner’s company also bought several floors of the old New York Times building for $295 million in 2015 from Lev Leviev, an Israeli who is chairman of one of the largest real estate development companies in Russia. Increasingly, the company is branching out across the country  —   to Philadelphia Baltimore Toledo, Ohio and Kansas City, Mo. In Chicago, it owns the building that houses the Midwest headquarters of ATT. In all, the company owns more than 20, 000 apartments and approximately 14 million square feet of office space. As the Kushners have expanded their businesses, they have also, by necessity, expanded their universe of investors and creditors. Lenders have included private equity giants like Blackstone, the French bank Natixis and Goldman Sachs. Another lender is Deutsche Bank, which recently reached a $7. 2 billion settlement with the Justice Department over its sale of toxic mortgage securities. But it remains under investigation over allegations that it disguised trades that helped Russian clients move money offshore. Beyond real estate, Mr. Kushner has moved into the Wall Street, health care and tech spaces. He has an indirect investment in Thrive Capital, a venture capital firm valued at about $1. 5 billion that is run by his brother, Joshua. The company has made more than 100 investments in dozens of companies, both in the United States and abroad. Among them is Oscar, a health insurance company founded in 2012 to take advantage of the Affordable Care Act, which Mr. Trump has vowed to dismantle. Oscar’s investors have included Li   who is one of Hong Kong’s richest men, and China’s Ping An Insurance, which has close ties to relatives of former Prime Minister Wen Jiabao of China. The Kushner brothers have counted the Russian billionaire tech investor Yuri Milner and the Chinese billionaire founder of Alibaba, Jack Ma, as investors in another endeavor  —   Cadre, a   real estate investment company they started with a friend. Goldman Sachs has invested in both tech ventures. But the money behind many of Mr. Kushner’s   investments remains a mystery. While the company lists dozens of partners on its website, it does not disclose the individuals behind those companies. One of the newest Kushner projects  —   a   luxury apartment tower that opened in November in Jersey City  —   got nearly a quarter of its financing, about $50 million, from Chinese investors who are not publicly identified. The investors are beneficiaries of a federal program that grants   visas and a path to permanent residency in exchange for investments of $500, 000. The program, known as   has become popular with real estate developers as a cheap form of financing in fiscal year 2015, the State Department issued 9, 764 of the visas  —   overwhelmingly to applicants from China. But the program, which must be renewed periodically by Congress, has lately come under fire. The Government Accountability Office has issued several reports raising concerns about what it termed the program’s insufficient background checks and lax safeguards against illicit financing. One applicant, the agency found, failed to report potential financial ties to a string of Chinese brothels. Then there are the Kushners’ continuing negotiations with Anbang’s Mr. Wu, one of the most politically connected men in China. In 2015, Mr. Kushner began pursuing a grand vision for 666 Fifth Avenue. The renowned architect Zaha Hadid was asked to come up with a design to resculpt the       office building, adding apartments, a hotel and a mall and nearly tripling its height to 1, 400 feet. But the plan needed money, and while Mr. Kushner had managed to hang on to his family’s flagship building, it still had a lot of debt, with a $1. 1 billion loan coming due in 2019, and a good portion of the commercial office space vacant. Anbang, which got its start as an auto insurance company in 2004, had become one of the most aggressive Chinese buyers of United States real estate, and had begun investing in hotels. But it had encountered problems of its own its byzantine ownership structure had given rise to concern on Wall Street and in Washington. The Times reported last year that Anbang is owned by a few dozen companies, which in turn are owned by a number of shell companies that are controlled by roughly 100 people, many of whom have ties to a county in China that is the home of Mr. Wu, whose own power stems in part from marriage. In his case he married Zhuo Ran, a granddaughter of Deng Xiaoping, the leader who brought China out of the chaos of the Mao era. Mr. Wu also counts as a central business partner the son of a People’s Liberation Army marshal, and he has recruited several former government insurance regulators to serve on his board. Anbang’s structure has stoked such suspicion about its true ownership that some Wall Street firms, including Morgan Stanley, have opted not to advise the company on United States mergers and acquisitions because they cannot get the information needed to satisfy their “know your client” guidelines. Anbang’s deep ties to the Chinese state have also led to a break in presidential protocol. Presidents have long stayed at the Waldorf, but when Mr. Obama visited New York for the opening of a session of the United Nations General Assembly in September 2015, he decided to seek other accommodations. American officials were vague about the reasons for the change at the time a senior national security official cited security, counterintelligence and cybersurveillance concerns. National security concerns have also complicated Anbang’s efforts to acquire other properties in the United States. One deal, to buy the Hotel del Coronado in San Diego, fell apart in October amid concerns from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which comprises the heads of nine federal agencies and is charged with reviewing the national security risks of transactions involving foreign governments or   companies. The Hotel del Coronado is near a naval base, and deals involving proximity to national security infrastructure typically receive heightened scrutiny. Anbang was, however, able to acquire the other hotels in the same collection. Last year, Anbang tried to purchase the Starwood Hotels chain, outbidding Marriott with a $14 billion offer. It was widely reported that the deal would be subject to review by the committee. But though the parties expressed confidence that it would pass muster, ultimately Anbang walked away from the deal before submitting the kind of detailed inside information that process would entail. And while Anbang’s planned $1. 57 billion purchase of Des   Fidelity  Guaranty Life, first announced in November 2015, was cleared by the committee, also known as Cfius, it stalled after the New York State Department of Financial Services demanded more information about Anbang’s shareholding structure. But Anbang was nothing if not savvy. Company officials had cultivated a relationship with Benjamin M. Lawsky, who had earlier led the financial services agency, from May 2011 to June 2015. It was Mr. Lawsky, by then a consultant, who introduced Anbang to Kushner Companies, according to people with knowledge of how the discussions came about. Mr. Lawsky declined to comment. Mr. Kushner led the negotiations, his spokeswoman, Ms. Heller, confirmed. Kushner Companies would disclose little else about the joint venture, except to say that Anbang would become one of the equity partners in the building’s redevelopment if an agreement is finalized. Anbang declined to comment. It was just coincidence that Mr. Kushner’s Nov. 16 dinner at the Waldorf with Mr. Wu took place the week after the election, Ms. Heller said, adding that it had been in the works for a while. By the time of the meeting, Mr. Kushner had decided to hand off certain business relationships, including the one with Anbang, to others at Kushner Companies, according to Ms. Heller, and it was for that reason that he invited his father and Laurent Morali, the president of Kushner Companies. She said he planned to sell his stake in 666 Fifth before the closing of any Anbang deal, but she declined to name the potential buyers or the price Mr. Kushner hoped to get. Ms. Heller stressed in her statement that the United States has “not found Anbang to be a   enterprise”  —   an important technical point, given that the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause prohibits the acceptance of payments and gifts from foreign governments. Should it consummate its deal with Anbang, she said, Kushner Companies will seek any necessary approvals from the federal government. She expressed confidence that any deal would pass muster with the foreign investment committee, citing the fact that it did not block the Chinese company from buying the Waldorf Astoria. Come Jan. 20, when Mr. Trump is scheduled to be inaugurated, that committee will be made up of his cabinet members, and the process is such that the president has the final say. It is a process with which Mr. Trump has some familiarity. During the campaign, he repeatedly criticized Hillary Clinton for supporting, as secretary of state and member of the foreign investment committee, a deal that benefited donors to her family’s charitable foundation while giving the Russians control of about 20 percent of America’s   capacity. On China, Mr. Trump has talked a tough game, accusing Beijing of currency manipulation and raising the possibility of a trade war. But whether that is only a negotiating tactic remains to be seen. The   has his own financial entanglements with China: He owns a 30 percent stake in a partnership that owes roughly $950 million to a group of lenders that includes the Bank of China, and one of his biggest tenants at Trump Tower is another   bank, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. With Anbang a magnet for controversy, Mr. Kushner has kept the negotiations under wraps. But a week after the Nov. 16 dinner at the Waldorf, Mr. Kushner’s father and Mr. Wu met at the hotel for lunch. After the elder Mr. Kushner departed, Mr. Wu was clearly elated. “I love you guys,” he exclaimed in English to his remaining entourage, according to one person present."
189,17498,Muted Response From Health Lobby as Affordable Care Act Faces Repeal - The New York Times,New York Times,Robert Pear,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   The speed of Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists, leaving representatives of insurance companies, hospitals, doctors and pharmaceutical makers in disarray and struggling for a response to a legislative quick strike that would upend much of the American health care system. The Senate is expected to take the first step by Thursday morning, approving parliamentary language in a budget resolution that would   a repeal bill that could not be filibustered in the Senate. House and Senate committees would have until Jan. 27 to report out repeal legislation. Health insurance and health care for millions of Americans are at risk. But far from reflecting the magnitude of the moment, the most prominent message from lobbyists that lawmakers saw in their first week back at work was a narrowly focused advertisement from the U. S. Chamber of Commerce demanding the repeal of “Obamacare taxes,” especially an annual fee imposed on health insurance companies to help pay for the expansion of coverage under the health law. “More than 20 million people could lose their health insurance, and states could lose billions of dollars in Medicaid money,” said Kenneth E. Raske, the president of the Greater New York Hospital Association. But, he added, many health care executives “don’t want to get on the wrong side of the new administration or the Republican majority in Congress. ” Health care professionals are not totally silent, but industries that were integral to the creation of the Affordable Care Act in 2010 are keeping their voices down as Republicans rush to dismantle it. Some Republican lawmakers are openly fretting about their leaders’ repeal strategy, saying they must develop an Affordable Care Act replacement before they repeal it. Five Republican senators proposed on Monday to extend the deadline for drafting repeal legislation by five weeks, until March 3. One of the five, Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, said the extra time would allow Congress and the Trump administration to “get the policy right” as they try to arrange a smooth transition to a new system of health coverage. But the naysayers are getting no cover from a major lobbying and advertisement blitz like the ones that blanketed the airwaves in 2009 and 2010. To block the repeal effort, said Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Senate Democrat, “we need two or three Republicans to join us. ” Doctors are telling Congress to proceed with caution, insisting that no one should lose coverage. The American College of Physicians, representing 148, 000 specialists in internal medicine, has sent letters to senators urging them to “vote no” this week on the budget resolution. Hospitals were expecting to receive tens of billions of dollars in additional revenue for treating people who were newly insured under the health law, and they are alarmed at the prospect that it may now be repealed. But, they say, if Congress goes ahead and rolls back the expansion of coverage, it must also restore tens of billions of dollars that the health law cut from Medicare payments to hospitals. Top executives from state hospital associations will fly to Washington this week to develop their strategy. Many also plan to visit offices on Capitol Hill, where they will warn of the potential damage if Congress repeals the health law without guaranteeing similar coverage for those who would lose it. A coalition of consumers and liberal advocacy groups is spending more than $2 million on television advertisements urging Congress to stop its attack on the law. The ads, by the Alliance for Healthcare Security, are aimed at a handful of Republican senators, including Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, Jeff Flake and John McCain of Arizona, Susan Collins of Maine, Dean Heller of Nevada, Lamar Alexander and Mr. Corker of Tennessee, and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia. But by Washington standards, that is a pittance. Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, an industry lobbying group, set aside $150 million in 2009 to support the law’s passage. Some lobbyists have tacitly accepted the likelihood that major provisions of the health law will be repealed, setting their sights instead on shaping its replacement. They fear that if they come out strongly in opposition to repealing the law, they will lose their seats at the table as congressional Republicans and the Trump administration negotiate a replacement. For now, passage of the budget resolution this week looks likely. The real fight is expected to come two to three weeks from now, when two House committees and two Senate committees produce legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act and must answer to Republicans who say a replacement measure must be ready at the same time. At least a   Republican senators have expressed doubts about the Republican leadership strategy of using the budget resolution to   legislation to repeal the law, with a delayed effective date to allow time to find a replacement in the future. “Repeal and replacement should take place simultaneously,” Mr. Corker said last week. Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas said on MSNBC, “It would not be the right path for us to repeal Obamacare without laying out a path forward. ” Members of the   House Freedom Caucus are also pressing leaders to embrace a replacement bill before they eviscerate the existing law. And that concern is not confined to Congress. Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio, a Republican, has also warned Congress against repealing the law without a replacement. What, he has asked, will happen to the 700, 000 people who have gained coverage under the expansion of Medicaid in Ohio? Senator Rand Paul, Republican of Kentucky, said that he spoke on Friday with   Donald J. Trump, and that Mr. Trump agreed a replacement measure must be ready. “I think he consistently has said, and I think many people who look at this say, ‘Gosh, you’re going to repeal this huge, dramatic thing and not have a replacement on the same day? ’” Mr. Paul said on Monday. “I mean, doesn’t make a lot of sense to do that. ” Many of the lobbyists who might have slowed the process appear flummoxed, in part because they were expecting Hillary Clinton to win the election. Some companies, anxious about changes in health policy, said they were afraid to speak out because they feared that Mr. Trump would attack them on Twitter, as he has badgered Boeing, Ford, General Motors, Lockheed Martin and Toyota. Marilyn B. Tavenner, the chief executive of the leading lobby for insurers, America’s Health Insurance Plans, is in a particularly awkward position. As an Obama administration official from 2010 to 2015, she led work on the health law, issued rules to carry it out and often defended it on Capitol Hill. In December 2015, Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin pointed to her as an example of how federal officials passed through a revolving door to work for companies they once regulated. “If the insurance industry does not understand how Obamacare works, why not hire the person who ran it?” Mr. Ryan said in a gibe at Ms. Tavenner that drew laughter from his audience at the Library of Congress. Ms. Tavenner said the requirement for people to have insurance  —   the individual mandate  —   was likely to be eliminated. But, she said, to stabilize the market, Congress should maintain “subsidies for   and   individuals to purchase insurance and financial help for plans that enroll   individuals, through at least Jan. 1, 2019. ” She is also asking Congress to kill the tax on insurers, which has already been suspended for 2017. Kaiser Permanente, the managed care company that serves more than 10 million people, declined to comment specifically on Republican plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Instead, it offered a statement of general principles saying that people should have access to health care and that “we must continue to accommodate those who have   conditions. ” George C. Halvorson, a former chief executive of Kaiser Permanente, said insurers were guarded in their comments because the current environment was “extremely politicized. ” He predicted they have more to say when Congress turns to the task of devising a replacement for the law. “You need to make your point when it will have optimal impact,” Mr. Halvorson said. Lobbyists for the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association have been more active and outspoken. They support changes to the health care law because, they say, premiums and deductibles are too high and commercial insurers have been dropping out of the public insurance marketplaces.   of counties in the United States have only one insurer offering coverage in the marketplace, they say, and in many cases, it is a Blue Cross plan. But Blue Cross lobbyists expressed alarm that Congress or a federal court might eliminate the   subsidies that the government pays insurers to reduce    costs for   people. Without these payments, Blue Cross wrote in a primer delivered to congressional offices, consumers will see “significant premium increases in 2018, making coverage even more unaffordable for millions of working Americans. ” While defenders of the Affordable Care Act try to figure out a strategy, conservative groups are pressing hard for full repeal of the law as soon as possible. Among them are Heritage Action for America, an offshoot of the Heritage Foundation, and Freedom Partners, a conservative group backed by the billionaire brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch."
190,17499,Women’s March on Washington Opens Contentious Dialogues About Race - The New York Times,New York Times,Farah Stockman,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"Many thousands of women are expected to converge on the nation’s capital for the Women’s March on Washington the day after Donald J. Trump’s inauguration. Jennifer Willis no longer plans to be one of them. Ms. Willis, a    wedding minister from South Carolina, had looked forward to taking her daughters to the march. Then she read a post on the Facebook page for the march that made her feel unwelcome because she is white. The post, written by a black activist from Brooklyn who is a march volunteer, advised “white allies” to listen more and talk less. It also chided those who, it said, were only now waking up to racism because of the election. “You don’t just get to join because now you’re scared, too,” read the post. “I was born scared. ” Stung by the tone, Ms. Willis canceled her trip. “This is a women’s march,” she said. “We’re supposed to be allies in equal pay, marriage, adoption. Why is it now about, ‘White women don’t understand black women’?” If all goes as planned, the Jan. 21 march will be a momentous display of unity in protest of a president whose treatment of women came to dominate the campaign’s final weeks. But long before the first buses roll to Washington and sister demonstrations take place in other cities, contentious conversations about race have erupted nearly every day among marchers, exhilarating some and alienating others. In Tennessee, emotions ran high when organizers changed the name of the local march from “Women’s March on  ” to “Power Together Tennessee, in solidarity with Women’s March on Washington. ” While many applauded the name change, which was meant to signal the start of a new social justice movement in Nashville, some complained that the event had turned from a march for all women into a march for black women. In Louisiana, the first state coordinator gave up her volunteer role in part because there were no minority women in leadership positions at that time. “I got a lot of flak locally when I stepped down, from white women who said that I’m alienating a lot of white women,” said Candice Huber, a bookstore owner in New Orleans, who is white. “They said, ‘Why do you have to be so divisive? ’” In some ways, the discord is by design. Even as they are working to ensure a smooth and unified march next week, the national organizers said they made a deliberate decision to highlight the plight of minority and undocumented immigrant women and provoke uncomfortable discussions about race. “This was an opportunity to take the conversation to the deep places,” said Linda Sarsour, a Muslim who heads the Arab American Association of New York and is one of four   of the national march. “Sometimes you are going to upset people. ” The post that offended Ms. Willis was part of that effort. So was the quotation posted on the march’s Facebook page from Bell Hooks, the black feminist, about forging a stronger sisterhood by “confronting the ways women  —   through sex, class and race  —   dominated and exploited other women. ” In response, a New Jersey woman wrote: “I’m starting to feel not very welcome in this endeavor. ” A debate then ensued about whether white women were just now experiencing what minority women experience daily, or were having a hard time yielding control. A young white woman from Baltimore wrote with bitterness that white women who might have been victims of rape and abuse were being “asked to check their privilege,” a catchphrase that refers to people acknowledging their advantages, but which even some liberal women find unduly confrontational. No one involved with the march fears that the rancor will dampen turnout even many of those who expressed dismay at the tone of the discussion said they still intended to join what is sure to be the largest demonstration yet against the Trump presidency. “I will march,” one wrote on the march’s Facebook page, “Hoping that someday soon a sense of unity will occur before it’s too late. ” But these debates over race also reflect deeper questions about the future of progressivism in the age of Trump. Should the march highlight what divides women, or what unites them? Is there room for women who have never heard of “white privilege”? And at a time when a presidential candidate ran against political correctness and won  —   with half of white female voters supporting him  —   is this the time to tone down talk about race or to double down? “If your   goal is to get as many people as possible at the march, maybe you don’t want to alienate people,” said Anne Valk, the author of “Radical Sisters,” a book about racial and class differences in the women’s movement. “But if your   goal is to use the march as a catalyst for progressive social and political change, then that has to include thinking about race and class privilege. ” The discord also reflects the variety of women’s rights and liberal causes being represented at the march, as well as a generational divide. Many older white women spent their lives fighting for rights like workplace protections that younger women now take for granted. Many young activists have spent years protesting police tactics and criminal justice policies  —   issues they feel too many white liberals have ignored. “Yes, equal pay is an issue,” Ms. Sarsour said. “But look at the ratio of what white women get paid versus black women and Latina women. ” For too long, the march organizers said, the women’s rights movement focused on issues that were important to   white women, such as the ability to work outside the home and attain the same   positions that men do. But minority women, they said, have had different priorities. Black women who have worked their whole lives as maids might care more about the minimum wage or police brutality than about seeing a woman in the White House. Undocumented immigrant women might care about abortion rights, they said, but not nearly as much as they worry about being deported. This brand of feminism  —   frequently referred to as “intersectionality”  —   asks white women to acknowledge that they have had it easier. It speaks candidly about the history of racism, even within the feminist movement itself. The organizers of the 1913 suffrage march on Washington asked black women to march at the back of the parade. The issue of race has followed the march from its inception. The day after the election, Bob Bland, a fashion designer in New York, floated the idea of a march in Washington on Facebook. Within hours, 3, 000 people said they would join. Then a friend called to tell Ms. Bland that a woman in Hawaii with a similar page had collected pledges from 12, 000 people. “I thought, ‘Wow, let’s merge,’” Ms. Bland recalled. As the effort grew, a number of comments on Facebook implored Ms. Bland, who is white, to include minority women on the leadership team. Ms. Bland felt strongly that it was the right thing to do. Within three days of the election, Carmen Perez, a Hispanic activist working on juvenile justice, and Tamika D. Mallory, a gun control activist who is black, joined Ms. Bland. Gloria Steinem, honorary   of the march along with Harry Belafonte, lauded their approach. “Sexism is always made worse by racism  —   and vice versa,” she said in an email. Ms. Steinem, who plans to participate in a town hall meeting during the march with Alicia Garza, a   of Black Lives Matter, said even contentious conversations about race were a “good thing. ” “It’s about knowing each other,” she wrote. “Which is what movements and marches are for. ” But the tone of the discussion, particularly online, can become so raw that some   marchers feel they are no longer welcome. Ms. Willis, the South Carolina wedding minister, had been looking forward to the salve of rallying with people who share her values, a rarity in her home state, where she said she had been insulted and shouted at for marrying gay couples. But then she read a post by ShiShi Rose, a    blogger from Brooklyn. “Now is the time for you to be listening more, talking less,” Ms. Rose wrote. “You should be reading our books and understanding the roots of racism and white supremacy. Listening to our speeches. You should be drowning yourselves in our poetry. ” It rubbed Ms. Willis the wrong way. “How do you know that I’m not reading black poetry?” she asked in an interview. Ms. Willis says that she understands being born white gives her advantages, and that she is always open to learning more about the struggles of others. But, she said, “The last thing that is going to make me endeared to you, to know you and love you more, is if you are sitting there wagging your finger at me. ” Ms. Rose said in an interview that the intention of the post was not to weed people out but rather to make them understand that they had a lot of learning to do. “I needed them to understand that they don’t just get to join the march and not check their privilege constantly,” she said. That phrase  —   check your privilege  —   exasperates Ms. Willis. She asked a reporter: “Can you please tell me what that means?”"
191,17500,"Betsy DeVos, Trump’s Education Pick, Plays Hardball With Her Wealth - The New York Times",New York Times,Noam Scheiber,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"After Tom Casperson, a Republican state senator from Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, began running for Congress in 2016, he assumed the family of Betsy DeVos,   Donald J. Trump’s nominee to be education secretary, would not oppose him. The DeVoses, a dominant force in Michigan politics for decades with a fortune in the billions, had contributed to one of Mr. Casperson’s earlier campaigns. But a week before his primary, family members sent $24, 000 to one of his opponents, then poured $125, 000 into a “super PAC,” Concerned Taxpayers of America, that ran ads attacking him. The reason, an intermediary told Mr. Casperson: his support from organized labor. “Deceitful, dishonest and cowardly,” was how Mr. Casperson’s campaign described the ads, complaining that the groups running them “won’t say who they are or where their money is coming from. ” On Primary Day, Mr. Casperson went down to defeat. In announcing his intention to nominate Ms. DeVos, Mr. Trump described her as “a brilliant and passionate education advocate. ” Even critics characterized her as a dedicated, if misguided, activist for school reform. But that description understates both the breadth of Ms. DeVos’s political interests and the influence she wields as part of her powerful family. More than anyone else who has joined the incoming Trump administration, she represents the combination of wealth,   ideology and political hardball associated with a   family of billionaires: Charles and David Koch. “They have this moralized sense of the free market that leads to this total program to turn back the ideas of the New Deal, the welfare state,” Kim   a historian who has written extensively about the conservative movement, said, describing the DeVoses. Ms. DeVos declined to be interviewed for this article. Like the Kochs, the DeVoses are generous supporters of think tanks that evangelize for unrestrained capitalism, like Michigan’s Acton Institute, and that rail against unions and back privatizing public services, like the Mackinac Center. They have also funded national groups dedicated to cutting back the role of government, including the National Center for Policy Analysis (which has pushed for Social Security privatization and against environmental regulation) and the Institute for Justice (which challenges regulations in court and defends school vouchers). Both organizations have also received money from the Koch family. Indeed, the DeVoses’ education activism, which favors alternatives to traditional public schools, appears to derive from the same   views that inform their suspicion of government. And perhaps more than other   billionaires, the DeVoses couple their seeding of ideological causes with an aggressive brand of political spending. Half a dozen or more extended family members frequently coordinate contributions to maximize their impact. In the 2016 cycle alone, according to the Michigan Campaign Finance Network, the family spent roughly $14 million on political contributions to state and national candidates, parties, PACs and super PACs. All of this would make Ms. DeVos  —   whose confirmation hearing has been delayed until next week amid mounting pressure that her government ethics review be completed beforehand  —   very different from past education secretaries. “She is the most emblematic kind of oligarchic figure you can put in a cabinet position,” said Jeffrey Winters, a political scientist at Northwestern University who studies economic elites. “What she and the Kochs have in common is the unbridled use of wealth power to achieve whatever political goals they have. ” Ms. DeVos, 59, grew up in Holland, Mich. the daughter of a conservative auto parts magnate who was an early funder of the Family Research Council, a conservative Christian group. When she married Dick DeVos in 1979, it was akin to a merger between two royal houses of western Michigan. Her husband’s father, Richard Sr.   of the multilevel marketing company Amway, was an active member of the Christian Reformed Church that preached a mix of social conservatism and  . He once told the church’s official magazine that Chicago’s poor dwelled in slums because that was “the way they choose to live,” according to a Washington Post story from the 1980s. A fan of   and pinkie rings, Richard Sr. wrote books with titles like “Ten Powerful Phrases for Positive People. ” A similar air hung over his business. Amway sales representatives, which the company calls “independent business owners,” make money both by selling the company’s products  —   everything from perfume to toilet bowl cleaner  —   and by recruiting other sales representatives. The Federal Trade Commission once investigated the company for running a pyramid scheme before concluding that it had misled potential recruits about how much they could expect to earn. The flip side of the family’s proselytizing for capitalism, according to Professor   has been an effort to dismantle much “that would counterbalance the power of economic elites. ” Amway funded a nationwide ad campaign in the early 1980s, protesting high taxes and regulations. Not long after, the company pleaded guilty to cheating the Canadian government out of more than $20 million in revenue. The family had a more winning public face in Dick DeVos, who combined the practiced empathy of a pitchman with the entitlement of an heir, spending over $30 million on an unsuccessful run for governor of Michigan in 2006. The Detroit Free Press described him that year as the wealthiest man to seek office in the state’s modern history. Betsy DeVos, who served as chairwoman of the Michigan Republican Party for most of the decade between 1996 and 2005, has often played the role of strategist in the relationship. She was a key adviser in her husband’s run for governor and publicly brooded that he had been too gentlemanly in his first debate against the incumbent. “He’s very good with people, a retail politician who looks you in the eye, shakes your hand, listens to what you say,” said Randy Richardville, a former Republican leader of the Michigan Senate, describing the couple’s strengths. “I would never underestimate Betsy DeVos in a knife fight. ” Ms. DeVos has sometimes lacked her husband’s finesse, once famously blaming many of the state’s economic woes on “high wages. ” She has won detractors, by their account, by browbeating legislators into voting her way. “Betsy DeVos was like my    granddaughter at the time,” said Mike Pumford, a former Republican state representative who once clashed with her. “They were both sweet ladies as long as they kept hearing the word ‘yes.’ They turned into spoiled little brats when they were told ‘no. ’” But Ms. DeVos has often made up for what she lacks in tact through sheer force of will. Mr. Richardville said he and Ms. DeVos disagreed over term limits, which she supported as party chairwoman and he opposed: “I said, ‘I don’t think you should be setting policy. You should be supporting those of us who do make policy.’ But she never backed down. ” While Dick and Betsy DeVos appear to practice a more tolerant form of Christianity than their parents  —   Ms. DeVos has spoken out against   bigotry  —   as recently as the early 2000s they funded some groups like Focus on the Family, a large ministry that helps set the political agenda for conservative evangelicals. They have also backed groups that promote conservative values to students and Christian education, including one with ties to the Christian Reformed Church. Their economic views are strikingly similar to the elder Mr. DeVos’s. According to federal disclosures, Amway, which Dick DeVos ran between 1993 and 2002, has lobbied frequently over the last 20 years to reduce or repeal the estate tax. Only the top 0. 2 percent wealthiest estates paid the tax in 2015. The company has also opposed crackdowns on tax shelters. Ms. DeVos has been an outspoken defender of unlimited contributions known as soft money, which she described in a 1997 editorial as “  American dollars that Big Brother has yet to find a way to control. ” After Congress later passed a major campaign finance reform bill, a nonprofit that Ms. DeVos helped to create and fund masterminded the strategy that produced Citizens United, the 2010 Supreme Court decision laying the groundwork for super PACs funded by corporations, unions and individuals to raise and spend unlimited amounts in elections. And then there are the family’s efforts to rein in the labor movement. Through their contributions to think tanks like the Mackinac Center, as well as Mr. DeVos’s direct prodding of Republican legislators, the family played a key role in helping pass Michigan’s      legislation in 2012. The legislation largely ended the requirement that workers pay fees to unions as a condition of employment. Unions in the state bled members in 2014, the first full year the measure was in effect. Allies say the DeVoses fight for their beliefs. “Betsy and Dick see themselves as principled conservatives,” said Frederick Hess of the American Enterprise Institute. “It kind of seems healthy and admirable to give resources to folks who are going to fight for causes you believe in. ” But the fights can appear to be as much about consolidating power as ideology. Unions were arguably the family’s most formidable political opponent in Michigan, one of labor’s traditional strongholds. The DeVos family’s roots as education activists date back at least to when Richard DeVos Sr. was running Amway and an institute based at the company’s headquarters trained teachers to inject   principles into their curriculum. According to an interview Ms. DeVos gave to Philanthropy magazine, she and her husband became interested in education causes when they began visiting a Christian school that served   children in Grand Rapids in the 1980s. “If we could choose the right school for our kids”  —   by which she appeared to mean primarily private schools  —   “it only seemed fair that they could do the same for theirs,” she told the magazine. The family spent millions of dollars on a ballot proposal in 2000 asking if Michigan should legalize vouchers, in which students can use taxpayer money to attend private schools. Many critics, like the education historian Diane Ravitch, argue that the point of vouchers is to destroy public education and teachers’ unions. The group Americans United for Separation of Church and State has documented how conservative Christians have long supported vouchers, which could fund religious schools. After voters objected by more than a    ratio, Dick DeVos gave a speech at the Heritage Foundation saying such efforts would have to shift to state legislatures, where groups backed by   donors could offer “a political consequence for opposition, and political reward for support of education reform issues. ” It is not unusual for the wealthy  —   who devote nearly 50 percent of their philanthropic dollars to education, according to the group    —   to spend aggressively in the political realm to impose their preferred reforms. Even by these standards, however, the DeVoses stand out for the amount of money they spend trying to advance their goals through politics rather than philanthropy, such as research into reforms or subsidizing schools. As Sarah Reckhow, an expert on education philanthropy at Michigan State University, put it: “The DeVoses are like: ‘No, we know what we want. We don’t need to have all this window dressing. ’” Ms. DeVos has led two nonprofits that have spent millions of dollars electing governors and legislators sympathetic to school vouchers around the country. Matt Frendewey, a spokesman for one of the groups, said the efforts had frequently been bipartisan, and that the amount of money they had spent has been dwarfed by contributions from teachers’ unions opposed to reform. Yet in Michigan, at least, the family’s political strategy has not been subtle. After he defied Ms. DeVos on a key charter school vote, Mr. Pumford, the former Republican legislator, survived an effort by the Great Lakes Education Project, a nonprofit the DeVoses bankrolled, to defeat him in his 2002 primary. But shortly after, the House speaker told him the Education Committee chairmanship he coveted would not be forthcoming. “I said, ‘Why? ’” Mr. Pumford recalled. “He said: ‘You know why. The DeVoses will walk away from us. ’” Mr. Pumford added: “She told me that was going to happen. ” (Rick Johnson, the House speaker, said he did not recall the conversation but also that he had not promised Mr. Pumford the chairmanship and would not have explained his reasons for withholding it.) Over time, the Great Lakes Education Project helped elect Republican majorities sympathetic to the DeVoses’ agenda. But the DeVoses’ lobbyists and operatives also discovered less messy ways to advance legislation. Late one night of their last workweek in 2015, the Michigan House and Senate were about to approve some uncontroversial changes to campaign finance law, when the bill abruptly grew by more than 40 pages. After the legislators discovered what they had voted for, many said they were horrified. Tucked away in the new pages was a provision that would have made it much harder for local bodies like school boards to raise money through property tax increases. “Michigan schools will likely suffer the brunt of the impact because the vast majority rely on periodic voter approval of local operating levy renewals for property taxes,” the ratings agency Moody’s wrote of the measure the following month. “I was fooled into voting for something I opposed,” said Dave Pagel, a Republican representative. “I consider it the worst vote I’ve made. ” The chief culprits, according to Mr. Pagel and others at the state Capitol when the bill passed, were lobbyists closely tied to the DeVoses. Tony Daunt, a spokesman for the Michigan Freedom Fund, a nonprofit headed by the DeVoses’ longtime political aide, and whose political spending arm they have funded generously, said the group was “part of the discussion process with people in the legislature” about the proposal and “had consistently expressed support for the policy. ” The law was later blocked by a federal judge, but the group has vowed to try again. Ms. DeVos’s advocates see in these fights the toughness to take on entrenched opponents of expanding reforms like charter schools and vouchers. In promoting Ms. DeVos in The Washington Post, Mitt Romney, the Republican Party’s 2012 presidential nominee, emphasized that her wealth gave her the independence to be “someone who isn’t financially biased shaping education. ” He added, “DeVos doesn’t need the job now, nor will she be looking for an education job later. ” But critics see someone with an unmistakable agenda. “The signs are there that she will do something radical,” said Jack Jennings, a former general counsel for the House education committee. “Trump wouldn’t have appointed this woman for this position if he didn’t intend something radical. ”"
192,17502,Anonymous Bomb Threats Rattle Jewish Centers Across Eastern U.S. - The New York Times,New York Times,Mitch Smith,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"The morning rush at the Jewish community center in Columbia, S. C. had subsided when the phone rang on Monday. The caller, an   woman, “in a loud screaming voice kept saying there’s a bomb,” said Barry A. Abels, the center’s executive director. At roughly the same time, a woman dialed the Jewish community center in Rockville, Md. nearly 500 miles away, and said there was a bomb. Not long after, a man called a Jewish organization in Wilmington, Del. He, too, warned of a bomb. Similar threats, which turned out to be unfounded, were reported all over the Eastern United States on Monday, at as many as 16 Jewish community facilities, one advocacy group estimated. Time and time again, the police responded, buildings were evacuated and, after tense waits, the centers and schools reopened. Federal law enforcement officials did not definitively link the threats, but the episodes rattled nerves, and raised deep concern and little doubt that the phone calls had been orchestrated. “My personal take is it’s a statement of where we are in this country,” said Michael Feinstein, the chief executive of the Bender Jewish Community Center of Greater Washington, in Rockville. “There’s some thought amongst some people that hate speech and hate crimes are O. K. and   is O. K. and I think that is reflective of sort of the political discourse that we’ve had in this country. ” Mr. Feinstein said about 300 people had been in the Rockville center when the threat was made, including about 200 preschoolers. After the threat in Delaware, parents were called to pick up preschool and day school students. In South Carolina, Mr. Abels said staff members and patrons attending exercise classes had to leave. About three hours later, he said, the authorities said it was safe to return, leaving many to wonder what had happened. “It could be anything from hate groups to a terrorist situation,” Mr. Abels said. “I think it’s probably more on the hate group side, because it was just a scare. ” He said he believed it was “designed to be psychologically disorienting and scary and just disruptive. ” Jerry Silverman, the president and chief executive of the Jewish Federations of North America, said the threats were part of a disturbing trend toward normalizing hate speech. It was less than three years ago that a former Ku Klux Klan leader killed three people outside Jewish facilities in Overland Park, Kan. And in November, after the presidential election, the   League posted a warning about a reported uptick in hate speech and  . Some members of the   a   fringe movement that embraces elements of   racist and   positions, perceived the victory of   Donald J. Trump as validation for their cause and have become increasingly visible in recent months. Mr. Trump, who has a Jewish daughter and    has disavowed the  . Mr. Silverman said Monday’s cases were part of a broader “coordinated effort” to intimidate Jews. He said that Jewish organizations nationwide had instituted emergency protocols, and that leaders were communicating with one another on Monday as the threats were reported. “We’ve seen this at Jewish community centers over the last year,” Mr. Silverman said. “We’ve seen it at Jewish day schools. We’ve seen it at synagogues. ” “It’s all about training and preparedness,” he added. Law enforcement agencies in Nashville Jacksonville, Fla. and Tenafly, N. J. were among those confirming on Monday that they had responded to and cleared bomb threats at Jewish centers. An F. B. I. spokeswoman said the bureau was “aware of bomb threats” and had been in touch with the local police. “We understand there were similar threats around the country,” said Tzipora Cohen, of the Jewish Community Center in Tenafly. “I guess these are the times we live in. ”"
193,17503,American Destroyer Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Boats - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael R. Gordon,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   In a vivid illustration of the tensions between the United States and Iran, an American Navy warship fired warning shots at Iranian boats that were racing toward it near the Strait of Hormuz, Defense Department officials said on Monday. The episode occurred Sunday when four Iranian fast boats came within 900 yards of the U. S. S. Mahan, a guided missile destroyer that was escorting an amphibious warship with 1, 000 Marines on board and a Navy oiler. When the Iranian boats did not respond to a radio call and flares signaling them to stop, the American destroyer fired three warning shots with a .  machine gun. A Navy helicopter also dropped smoke grenades. There was no damage to the Iranian vessels, and they did not return fire. It was the first time the Navy had fired warning shots at an Iranian boat since Aug. 24. Though the boats’ approaches are essentially a form of harassment, they point to the risk of military confrontation in a region that is bristling with Western, Arab and Iranian forces.   Donald J. Trump vowed during the presidential campaign to take military action against Iranian ships that approached American vessels in a threatening manner. “With Iran, when they circle our beautiful destroyers with their little boats and they make gestures at our people that they shouldn’t be allowed to make, they will be shot out of the water,” Mr. Trump said at a rally in September. There were 35 close encounters between American and Iranian vessels in 2016, most of which occurred during the first half of the year, and 23 encounters in 2015. “We had a significant number of these before,” Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman, told reporters. “They had largely stopped. ” The most serious episode took place in January 2016, when Iran detained and ultimately freed 10 sailors who had unintentionally entered its territorial waters while cruising from Kuwait to Bahrain. On Sunday, Iranian boats approached the American ships six times before they got so close that the Mahan fired warning shots. “This was an unsafe and unprofessional interaction, and that is due to the fact that they were approaching at a high level of speed, with weapons manned, and disregarding repeated warnings,” Captain Davis said. There was no immediate comment from the Iranian authorities. But the Iranian military has signaled its intention to be active in the area and is planning a war game in the region this month. “The navy will practice    tactics during the drill, including modern warfare tactics, for the first time,” Habibollah Sayyari, the Iranian Navy commander, said, according to Iranian news organizations."
194,17504,"In Address, Cuomo Posits New York’s Policies as an Answer to Trump - The New York Times",New York Times,Vivian Yee,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"Delivering the first of six State of the State addresses planned around the state this week, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo on Monday located the cure to the nation’s political fever in New York State, implicitly offering himself as an antidote to a   whose name went unmentioned. “New York knows that our progressive principles of acceptance and diversity are not the enemy of our middle class, and we know that   success is not the enemy of our progressive beliefs,” he said. “In fact, it was the progressive policies that created the nation’s middle class in the first place. ” Ahead of his scheduled stops in western and central New York, on Long Island, in Westchester County and in Albany, Mr. Cuomo’s remarks in a   room at 1 World Trade Center colored largely within state lines. But remarkably for a politician who has avoided even the appearance of White House ambitions since entering the governor’s mansion in 2011, his speech also seemed aimed at an audience outside New York. Mr. Cuomo reiterated his promise to upgrade Queens’s two major airports, but he dwelled far longer on the reality on Queens’s streets. There, he said, the economic recovery trumpeted by the Obama administration had somehow never gotten around to the Hillside Avenue gas station where he worked as a teenager or the “pizzeria where we hung out. ” “It is not what they feel,” he said, referring to the white   voters who proved so receptive to Donald J. Trump’s candidacy. “It is not their reality. ” Lines drawn from the Elizabeth Warren syllabus got the Cuomo treatment (at one point, he noted that the Wall Street executives who presided over the financial crisis were never punished). One of Mr. Cuomo’s chief proposals on Monday was a “  recovery act” that he said would provide jobs and erect infrastructure, expand access to education and lower taxes. Lest anybody miss the point, the governor’s staff circulated “key takeaways” and quotations from the speech, billing the address as a groundbreaking blueprint for moving forward in the Trump era. There were   ’   proposals covering what seemed like the whole spectrum of liberal causes. Doubling the   tax credit for more than 200, 000 families. Executive orders intended to reduce a wage gap for women working for the state. Criminal justice reforms affecting the state’s bail system, recordings of police interrogations, the age of criminal liability and access to a speedy trial.   voter registration and early voting. Mr. Cuomo proposed a defense fund guaranteeing legal representation to immigrants, as well as passing the Dream Act, a   piece of legislation that would open financial aid at state colleges to undocumented immigrants. For environmentalists, Mr. Cuomo unveiled a deal, reported by The New York Times on Friday, that would lead to the shutdown of Indian Point, a nuclear plant north of New York City. The governor had already announced several initiatives before the speech, including a pledge to cover tuition costs at state universities and community colleges for families making up to $125, 000 a year. Some of his ideas seemed to be flags planted directly on the liberal territory previously staked out by Bill de Blasio, the mayor of New York, who listened from the second row on Monday  —   the latest subplot of a feud between governor and mayor that recently reached new depths over the death of a   deer. Mr. Cuomo even took credit for establishing a universal prekindergarten program in New York City, a mayoral proposal ultimately financed by Albany. Yet for all that Ms. Warren or Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont might find to like in the speech, Mr. Cuomo, who has been criticized by the left over collaborating with Republicans, faces a bumpy session in Albany. Legislators have taken the governor’s decision to split the traditional State of the State address in Albany into six regional events as a snub, and legislative leaders have declined to attend. But there was someone present who wanted to air the legislators’ grievances, however lonely the quest. About 64 floors below the pristine white room in which Mr. Cuomo spoke, Edward F. Cox, the chairman of the state Republican Party and a Trump supporter who had been denied entrance, monitored the proceedings from a Joe  the Juice shop. “He’s afraid to face them,” Mr. Cox said outside afterward, referring to state legislators. “So he’s running around the state giving great speeches that really sound like speeches for someone who’d like to be president of the United States, rather than someone who’s governor of New York State. ” In the cold wind, Mr. Cox fended off a shiver. He planned to follow the governor to his afternoon speech in Buffalo, where Mr. Cox would be, doubtless, equally unwelcome."
195,17505,"U.S. Blacklists 5 Russians, a Close Putin Aide Among Them - The New York Times",New York Times,Mark Landler,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   The Obama administration has blacklisted five Russians, including the government’s chief public investigator, who is a close aide to President Vladimir V. Putin, for human rights abuses, laying down a marker for   Donald J. Trump less than two weeks before he takes office with a vow to thaw relations with Russia. The sanctions, announced Monday by the Treasury Department, are not related to allegations of Russian hacking during the presidential election, according to a senior administration official. But they carry symbolic weight at a charged moment, as likely the last visible act the United States will take against Russia before power is transferred in Washington. The biggest name added to the list is that of Aleksandr I. Bastrykin, who reports directly to Mr. Putin and has carried out political investigations on his behalf. Mr. Bastrykin, officials said, was complicit in the case of Sergei L. Magnitsky, a lawyer who died in detention in murky circumstances in November 2009 and for whom the Magnitsky Act was named. Under that 2012 law, passed by Congress with Democratic and Republican support, the Treasury and Justice Departments must investigate and penalize Russian individuals involved in that case and subsequent   or in other human rights abuses. The Obama administration has now put 44 people on the list. The sanctions announced Monday include a ban on travel to the United States and a freezing of any assets held by or transactions with American financial institutions. The White House has enforced the law with varying degrees of enthusiasm, depending on relations between the United States and Russia. In late 2013, human rights activists said, it delayed releasing the list because it worried that the move  —   coming just before the Winter Olympic Games in Sochi, Russia  —   would further curdle relations. But the administration’s final list, particularly with the inclusion of Mr. Bastrykin, is considered robust. “The mood and atmosphere are very different this year,” said David J. Kramer, the senior director for human rights and democracy at the McCain Institute for International Leadership, a policy research center. “Adding a few more names to the sanctions list sends a couple of signals,” Mr. Kramer said. “That this administration, as it goes out the door, is still going to implement the Magnitsky Act. It’s also sending a signal to the next administration that it hopes it will continue this policy. ” Shortly after the law was passed, Russia’s Parliament banned the adoption of Russian children by Americans. In 2013, Russia released a list of Americans barred from traveling to Russia because of what it claimed were human rights violations. Late last year, Congress passed legislation that would impose sanctions on people anywhere in the world for the kinds of human rights abuses that surfaced in the Magnitsky case. Much to the frustration of the Russian government, the bill again bore his name. In December, the Treasury Department put sanctions on 15 Russian individuals and companies for their dealings in Crimea and Ukraine. Mr. Trump is widely expected to ease that campaign. On Monday, Kellyanne Conway, one of his top advisers, said Mr. Trump might also relax the sanctions imposed by Mr. Obama in response to the hacking, which include travel bans and financial restrictions on senior Russian intelligence officials. “I predict that President Trump will want to make sure that our actions are proportionate to what occurred, based on what we know,” she said in an interview with USA Today. It will be harder for him to ignore the requirements of the Magnitsky Act, but the administration has considerable flexibility in how aggressively it pursues people. “The bureaucracy will grind away and produce more names, but senior people have the final say,” said Michael A. McFaul, a former American ambassador to Russia. In addition to Mr. Bastrykin, the administration is targeting Andrei K. Lugovoi and Dmitri V. Kovtun, two Russian intelligence officers who the British authorities said poisoned a fellow Russian spy, Alexander V. Litvinenko, in London in 2006. Also added to the list are Stanislav Gordievsky and Gennady Plaksin, two   officials, who the United States said were involved in the   of Mr. Magnitsky’s death."
196,17506,Here’s How Clemson Won the College Football Playoff Championship - The New York Times,New York Times,Victor Mather,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"Clemson upset Alabama and won the college football national championship,   in Tampa early Tuesday morning. Clemson was led by its star quarterback, Deshaun Watson, who threw for 420 yards despite facing a defense heralded as one of the best ever. With two minutes left, trailing by 3 points, Watson got the ball at his own 32 and started a drive. Nine plays and 68 yards later, with 1 second on the clock, Hunter Renfrow caught a   touchdown to win the game. The drive included six completed passes, notably a   to Watson’s favorite target, Mike Williams, and a goal line pass interference call. “I’m speechless right now man,” Watson said after the game. “We worked so hard for it we fell short last year. This game is not just for me, it’s for all the alumni, the fans, my family in Gainesville. ” It was the second big title game in a row for Watson, who threw for 405 yards in a loss in this game against Alabama last season. He is likely to go in the top 5 of the N. F. L. draft this year. Watson’s Achilles’ heel during the regular season was the interception, but he threw none in this game. Alabama for its part kept the ball mostly on the ground. Its freshman quarterback Jalen Hurts was   for only 131 yards. Alabama had raced to a   lead on two touchdowns by Bo Scarbrough. Watson cut the lead to   with a long drive that ended with his touchdown run. A game that started as a defensive struggle opened up in the second half. More Watson passing pulled Clemson to within   on a   touchdown to Renfrow. Hurts finally broke through with a   touchdown to a   O. J. Howard, making it   Alabama. Another long Clemson drive concluded with a   pass from Watson to Williams, and Clemson was back within 3,  . Clemson seized its first lead in the game,   as Wayne Gallman punched in a   touchdown run. The key play in the drive was a   pass to Williams, boosted by an unsportsmanlike conduct call against Alabama. Alabama answered like champions with a quick drive. Hurts completed several passes, including a   to O. J. Howard. Then he turned to his other strength, running, and barreled past defenders for a   score. But that only set up Watson for his two minutes of heroics. Here’s how Clemson won the championship: Alabama was 25 percent of the way to another national championship, leading Clemson,   after one quarter in Tampa. The early stages of the game were mostly dominated by defense, with the exception a lightning quick sequence of five plays that including a   scramble by quarterback Jalen Hurts and a   touchdown by Bo Scarbrough to put Alabama in front. Alabama, led by the freshman quarterback Hurts, mostly moved the ball on the ground. Hurts completed just 2 of 8 passes, for 10 yards. He looked especially ineffective going deep. Clemson had limited offensive success against the vaunted Alabama defense  —   quarterback Deshaun Watson was    for 23 yards. It never threatened to score. The Tigers were also hurt by an uninspired failed plunge on    at the Alabama 41. The Clemson highlight was probably a partially blocked punt that took an Alabama roll anyway. Turnovers were expected to be critical in the game, and Clemson had the only one of the quarter, a bobbled snap by quarterback Deshaun Watson that gifted Alabama the ball in Clemson territory with 1:50 left in the period. Alabama held a   lead at halftime of the College Football Playoff Championship in Tampa. The game looked as good as won when favored Alabama went up by   in the second quarter. Alabama was breaking runs and its defense was swamping Clemson’s star quarterback Deshaun Watson. Alabama did it on the ground, rushing for 143 yards. The freshman quarterback Jalen Hurts was    for only 40 yards. Watson woke up with a   drive through the previously impenetrable Alabama defense with six minutes left. He capped it by taking the ball into the end zone himself. He finished the half   for 153 yards. The game was dominated by the defenses, which frustrated most of the game’s drives on both sides. Watson avoided throwing an interception, which he was often guilty of during the season. Clemson did lose one fumble. A poor Alabama punt gave Clemson the ball at Alabama’s 42 and Deshaun Watson took advantage with a quick drive culminating in a   touchdown to Hunter Renfrow. Watson was up to 228 yards passing. That drive notwithstanding, defense was generally trumping offense in the second half. The best drive before the touchdown came from Clemson as Watson led the Tigers from their own 16 to Alabama’s 43. The drive might have gone farther, but a catch for a first down was overruled on review, leaving Clemson with a fourth and short. Watson stayed on the field, and it seemed the Tigers might go for it, but it was a bluff, and Watson punted the ball. Jalen Hurts of Alabama had barely registered in the first three quarters of the national championship. He was   for only 49 yards. And Alabama, after racing to a   lead, was up only  . Then O. J. Howard badly beat Clemson’s Van Smith, and raced down the sidelines for a   touchdown. Just like that Hurts more than doubled his yardage for the game and Alabama widened its lead to   as the third quarter drew to a close. It was a huge play for Alabama, which had been struggling on offense. Watson Takes Over: A mostly defensive game opened up as the third quarter turned into the fourth, with both teams scoring. After Alabama went up by   on a   pass play, Clemson answered with a   drive consisting mostly of shortish passes from Watson. It finished with a   pass from Watson to his favorite target all year, Mike Williams. Watson was up to 294 yards passing, but Alabama still led,   with 14 minutes left to play. Gallman Gives Clemson the Lead: Clemson seized its first lead in the national championship,   as Wayne Gallman punched in a   touchdown run. The key play in the drive was a   pass to Williams, boosted by an unsportsmanlike conduct call against Alabama. Watson continued to solve the toughest defense in the country and increased his passing numbers to   for 360 yards. Alabama Retakes Lead: Alabama, behind for the first time in the game, answered like champions with a quick drive. Jared Hurts, whose passing had been vastly overshadowed by Deshaun Watson of Clemson, completed several, including a   to O. J. Howard. Then for the touchdown he turned to his other strength, running, and barreled past defenders for a   score Alabama led   but Watson still had an opportunity for a   drill. We all know how that ended."
197,17507,"Israel Buries 4 Soldiers, but the Mourning Is Marred by Discord - The New York Times",New York Times,Isabel Kershner,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"JERUSALEM  —   One loved horse riding another was the oldest of four sisters a third had fought to enlist in the army despite medical problems that allowed him to defer the draft. The fourth was the 300th graduate of her Haifa high school to have died while serving as a soldier. Israel buried its latest terrorism victims on Monday, the day after they were run down by a Palestinian man in a truck, enveloping them in the country’s familiar outpouring of love for its service members. But this time, the usually unifying ritual was marred by discord. Israelis called it the “Azaria effect,” referring to Sgt. Elor Azaria, the soldier who was convicted last week of manslaughter for shooting a wounded and incapacitated Palestinian assailant in the head. Video from the scene of Sunday’s attack showed dozens of armed soldiers fleeing from the truck instead of trying to shoot the driver. Some Israelis who had complained that the army’s high command failed to back up Sergeant Azaria asserted that the soldiers had fallen short because they were afraid of being put on trial. The military, security experts and soldiers at the scene quickly rejected that notion. “Those who ran from the scene were not concerned about Azaria, but about their own ” said Yehuda Ben Meir, an expert in national security and public opinion at the Institute for National Security Studies at Tel Aviv University. Still, the argument  —   unfolding in full volume on Israeli news sites, social media and broadcast channels  —   reflected the disruptive influence the Azaria affair has had on the army and its central place in Israeli society. In this small,   country where most Jewish    are drafted into years of service, the military has long been a rare reserve of respect and consensus. Yet the same sentiment that leads Israeli Jews to treat soldiers as “everybody’s children” has also led many to call for a pardon for Sergeant Azaria, creating tension between the people and the commanders of their army. “The motherly protection of soldiers sometimes overcomes your basic value system,” Mr. Ben Meir said, adding that the instinct to protect soldiers was not particular to Israel. The soldiers targeted by the Palestinian truck driver on Sunday were in officer training programs, and most were not preparing for combat roles. Many were in the educational corps or training for administrative jobs on the home front. On a routine educational tour of Jerusalem, they were caught   as they disembarked from buses at a popular observation spot with panoramic views of Old City. The truck driver plowed into one group, then reversed and came back to claim more victims. A tour guide who shot at the truck with his pistol complained on television that the soldiers were better equipped with   but had hesitated to shoot. Noam Kedar, one of the soldiers at the scene, denounced those who passed instant judgment. “Please stop your   psychoanalysis,” she wrote in an impassioned Facebook post. “It has nothing to do with Elor Azaria,” she added. “It’s unrelated. Let none of you dare compare a semitrailer going at 100 km per hour with a disarmed terrorist who is lying down, already neutralized. ” The military’s preliminary findings were that two soldiers had fired at the driver it remained unclear on Monday whether he had been killed by them or by civilians who opened fire. The defense minister, Avigdor Lieberman, said that any attempt to link Sunday’s events to the Azaria verdict had no basis. One squad commander at the scene said she had instructed her forces to run for cover after determining that enough soldiers were already running toward the truck. There were also concerns, according to officers in the field, that too many people shooting could cause a “friendly fire” accident. The four soldiers who were killed, all promoted posthumously, were identified as Lt. Yael Yekutiel, 20, from Givatayim, near Tel Aviv Second Lt. Erez Orbach, 20, from Alon Shvut, in the West Bank Lt. Shir Hajaj, 22, from Ma’ale Adumim in the West Bank and Second Lt. Shira Tzur, 20, from Haifa. “These are our children,” Herzl Hajaj, Shir Hajaj’s father, told the Israeli news media Sunday after hearing of his daughter’s death. “We send them to the army we know they might not return. ” The Azaria case, regarding a shooting in the West Bank city of Hebron last March that was caught on video, unleashed its own kind of friendly fire and fury. As a military judge read the verdict last week in a Tel Aviv military compound, hundreds of protesters demonstrated outside. Bolstered by some of the most extreme   elements of Israeli society, like La Familia fan club of the Beitar Jerusalem soccer team and the   Lahava organization, the crowd scuffled with the police. Among their chants were threats against Lt. Gen. Gadi Eisenkot, the military chief of staff, a post normally among the most revered and popular among Israeli Jews. General Eisenkot had drawn criticism for saying in a speech a day before the Azaria verdict that an    in the army was not “everybody’s child,” but a soldier and a fighter with a mission. “Gadi, Gadi, beware, Rabin is looking for a friend,” the protesters sang, referring to Yitzhak Rabin, the prime minister of Israel who was assassinated in 1995 by a   Jewish extremist. The three judges who formed the military tribunal were placed under guard. The backlash was not long in coming, and was equally charged. The popular Yedioth Ahronoth newspaper gathered half a dozen former chiefs of staff and photographed them for Sunday’s front page, with the headline: “Behind you, Gadi. ” Days earlier, an army reservist who is well known to Israelis  —   as are many war heroes  —   captured national attention with a plea for unity after the Azaria verdict. The reservist, Capt. Ziv Shilon, who lost one arm in an explosion along the Gaza border and was severely injured in the other arm, wrote in an emotional Facebook post: “Yes, I, who never cried in the hardest moments that I do not wish on anybody, sat today and simply cried. ” “I cried,” he wrote, “over the hands that I left in Gaza and I asked myself perhaps for the first time in my life, was it worth fighting for a nation that hates itself?” Mr. Shilon announced plans to sit in Tel Aviv’s Rabin Square  —   named for the prime minister who was slain there in 1995  —   on Saturday night with a huge placard calling to bring back solidarity and mutual respect, even if he had to sit there alone. Instead, he was joined by thousands. Micah Goodman, an   Jewish philosopher, said that the Israelis’ “automatic identification” with soldiers sometimes led to “irrational” results. That was the common thread, he said, between the cries for a pardon for Sergeant Azaria and the contentious decision in 2011 to trade more than 1, 000 Palestinian prisoners, many of whom had been convicted of deadly terrorist acts against Israelis, for one Israeli soldier who was being held captive in Gaza. “Having that soft spot for soldiers is part of the Israeli solidarity, and it is part of what is really unique about Israel,” Mr. Goodman said. “The weakness of Israel is also part of the power of Israel. ”"
198,17508,Volkswagen Executive’s Trip to U.S. Allowed F.B.I. to Pounce - The New York Times,New York Times,"Jack Ewing, Adam Goldman and Hiroko Tabuchi",2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"When F. B. I. agents learned that a prime suspect in the Volkswagen emissions scandal was traveling to the United States, investigators knew they were on the cusp of a rare feat: the arrest of an overseas corporate executive accused of wrongdoing. On Saturday night, agents swooped in to arrest the Volkswagen executive, Oliver Schmidt, as he prepared to depart Miami International Airport for Germany, according to two law enforcement officials familiar with the case, one of whom described the circumstances of the arrest. The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the case. Mr. Schmidt, formerly Volkswagen’s top emissions compliance executive in the United States, has been charged with defrauding the government and violating the Clean Air Act. He made an initial appearance on Monday in federal court in Miami. He will be moved to Detroit, where he was originally charged and where court documents suggest that he might be valuable in the government’s investigation into other Volkswagen officials. Mr. Schmidt, 48, played a central role in Volkswagen’s   of its diesel emissions cheating, according to an affidavit from an F. B. I. agent that was unsealed on Monday. Even as the company obfuscated details of its cheating program from regulators, Mr. Schmidt warned executives in Germany that the company could face criminal charges for its actions, the affidavit says. The case against Mr. Schmidt sheds new doubt on Volkswagen’s assertions that top executives did not understand the full scale of the wrongdoing until early in September 2015, more than a year after questions were first raised about emissions from its vehicles. Mr. Schmidt briefed executives in detail months earlier, in July, according to the criminal complaint, filed in federal court in Michigan. The timeline of the briefing has not been laid out before by prosecutors. The complaint also says that other employees were involved in a   suggesting that more charges could be coming. It is unclear which employees  —   above or below Mr. Schmidt  —   the government believes were involved. Mr. Schmidt reported to   officials at Volkswagen headquarters in Wolfsburg. Volkswagen is nearing a deal with the Justice Department to pay more than $2 billion to resolve the criminal investigation into the emissions cheating, according to three people briefed on the negotiations. The company or one of its corporate entities is expected to plead guilty as part of the deal, according to one of the people. That deal, though, would not prevent charges against individual employees. Volkswagen’s emissions scandal has cost the company $16 billion in civil settlements in the United States alone. The fallout from the scandal has already reached Volkswagen’s executive ranks. The automaker’s chief executive, Martin Winterkorn, resigned in September, several days after American regulators publicly accused the company of manipulating testing results. German prosecutors are now investigating Mr. Winterkorn and another executive, Hans Dieter Pötsch, about whether they violated securities laws. For United States investigators, the arrest of Mr. Schmidt is a stroke of luck. Their attempts to prosecute people suspected of being responsible for the scandal have been hampered because many of the people are in Germany, which does not normally extradite its citizens. Mr. Schmidt’s lawyer, David Massey, said in court that his client had learned of the investigation and contacted the F. B. I. to cooperate. He met with federal investigators in London in 2015, Mr. Massey said. Reached by phone, Mr. Massey declined to comment further, leaving unclear what came of the outreach to the government. Volkswagen declined to comment. Why Mr. Schmidt risked arrest by traveling in the United States remains a mystery. He is fluent in English and has extensive ties in the United States from his years working in the country for Volkswagen. A Volkswagen employee since 1997, Mr. Schmidt was named general manager of Volkswagen’s Engineering and Environmental Office in Auburn Hills, Mich. in 2013. In that job, he was responsible for managing relations with the Environmental Protection Agency and the powerful California Air Resources Board, the regulatory agencies that initially pursued the emissions cheating case. Mr. Schmidt was among the first to react in early 2014 when a study by West Virginia University found evidence that Volkswagen diesel cars polluted far more under normal driving conditions than they did in official testing labs. In an email to a colleague in April 2014, he wrote, “It should first be decided whether we are honest,” according to an affidavit signed by Ian Dinsmore, an F. B. I. special agent. The affidavit was the basis for a criminal complaint against Mr. Schmidt. Volkswagen decided to mask its emissions cheating from regulators, according to the complaint and lawsuits filed by the New York attorney general’s office. To buy time, the company recalled Volkswagens in the United States for an update of the engine software in early 2015, even though Mr. Schmidt and others knew that change would not bring the cars into compliance, according to the complaint. In March, Mr. Schmidt was promoted to a new position in Wolfsburg. As he moved up, he continued to play a crucial role in Volkswagen’s relations with regulators. In July, he briefed   executives on the risks that Volkswagen faced. According to the complaint, Mr. Schmidt and other Volkswagen employees briefed top managers in Wolfsburg ahead of a meeting with officials at the California regulatory agency, also known as CARB, which took the lead in the investigation. Mr. Schmidt explained that the cars contained software that recognized when a vehicle was undergoing tests. The   defeat device increased pollution controls so the cars would pass muster. Mr. Schmidt also told the executives that if the meeting with regulators did not go well, the company could face criminal charges, according to the complaint. The   executives decided not to disclose the defeat device, according to the complaint. The complaint did not say which executives Mr. Schmidt briefed. The account runs counter to the timeline Volkswagen has detailed. The company has maintained in court documents that top managers did not learn of the wrongdoing until early September 2015. The   continued into August, according to the complaint. While attending an industry conference, Mr. Schmidt presented a thick binder of technical information to a   California regulator. But when agency experts scrutinized the data, they found that it made no sense, Alberto Ayala, the board’s deputy executive officer, said in an interview last year. Having run out of excuses for the emissions discrepancies, Mr. Schmidt and other Volkswagen managers met with CARB and E. P. A. officials in September and admitted the presence of a defeat device. By then, Mr. Schmidt and his colleagues had squandered the credit that companies usually get for cooperating with investigators. Nevertheless, Mr. Schmidt continued to represent Volkswagen publicly through early 2016, continuing to play down what the company had done. In January, he testified before the British Parliament as part of an inquiry into the emissions testing. Mr. Schmidt told the members of Parliament that Volkswagen had removed software that recognized when an emissions test was underway. But the software was nothing nefarious, he said. “This software is not defined as a defeat device in Europe,” he said."
199,17509,"At Golden Globes Afterparties, Stars Applaud Meryl Streep - The New York Times",New York Times,Cara Buckley,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"At the Golden Globes afterparties, hoi polloi who aren’t invited to the ceremony descend by the thousands on the Beverly Hilton to whoop it up and stalk celebrities. Hosts of this year’s Hilton parties  —   held in ballrooms and massive tents around its compound  —   included HBO, the Weinstein Company, Fox, NBCUniversal, Netflix, Amazon, Warner Bros. and InStyle. The biggest stars often skipped those parties altogether, and instead beelined to the exclusive talent agency fests, held at the Sunset Tower Hotel and the Chateau Marmont. Confined to the Hilton, the Bagger joined the star stalkers herself, seeking answers to the burning question: What did celebrities think of Meryl Streep’s speech? (For a general idea, click here). The Bagger first cornered the preternaturally glamorous Joan Collins, as the British actress was carefully ascending a small flight of stairs at the Fox party. “I think she is one of the greatest actresses of a generation,” Ms. Collins said of Ms. Streep. “She has the right to say whatever she wants. And I think if you look at people’s faces in the audience, people went along with her. ” At the HBO party, Eddie Redmayne said he found Ms. Streep’s speech “incredibly emotional,” but was so distracted by her presence in the audience while presenting the award for best musical or comedy that he almost forgot to read the nominees. He wouldn’t say whether he thought Hollywood should take a page from Ms. Streep and speak out politically. The Bagger nabbed Bryan Cranston at the HBO party, too. Mr. Cranston, who has spoofed a Donald J. Trump presidency on “Saturday Night Live,” got a little misty just speaking about Ms. Streep’s words. “She was able to deliver an important message that resonated with all of us, with grace and dignity and no vitriol or hyperbole,” he said, “It was just beautifully delivered, to convey the anxiety that we are feeling, and the concern. ” Vince Vaughn, who has supported Republican presidential candidates in the past, was chatting a few feet away, so the Bagger asked him, too. Did he think Ms. Streep’s speech was an example of how Hollywood should respond to the politics of our time? “I think people should say what they want to say, and what she said was beautiful,” Mr. Vaughn said. The Bagger’s eyes then fell on John Corbett, a. k. a. Aidan from “Sex and the City. ” Was Hollywood the platform to address politics? “A whole lot of ‘Apprentice’ watchers just elected the president of the United States,” Mr. Corbett said, breaking into a dazzler of a grin, “so I guess it is!” The night ended on a high note, with Kerry Washington, who was at the party with her husband, Nnamdi Asomugha, agreeing to weigh in. (“One question!” her manager told the Bagger.) Ms. Washington said she found Ms. Streep’s speech beautiful too, adding that in a democracy, there’s never a time when citizens, whatever their stripe, shouldn’t speak out. “I don’t think that people of Hollywood should be silenced because of what we do for a living,” Ms. Washington said. “I don’t think it’s important that she said what she said because she’s an actress. I think it’s important she said what she said because she’s a citizen. We all have a First Amendment right of free speech. ”"
200,17510,The Best and Worst of the Golden Globes - The New York Times,New York Times,,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"Here’s a look at the most memorable moments from the 2017 Golden Globes, including Meryl Streep’s acceptance speech, Jimmy Fallon’s lackluster hosting, funny presenters and awkward flubs. Meryl Streep campaigned on behalf of Hillary Clinton, so expectations were high that when she took the Golden Globes stage to accept the Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement award, she would comment on the recent election. But how political would she be? Pretty political, as it turned out. She used her speech to call out   Donald J. Trump for seeming to mock a disabled New York Times reporter, and to warn that a free press would need to be defended. “This instinct to humiliate, when it’s modeled by someone in the public platform, by someone powerful, it filters down into everybody’s life, because it kinda gives permission for other people to do the same thing,” she said. “Disrespect invites disrespect, violence incites violence. And when the powerful use their position to bully others, we all lose. ” The room roundly applauded her remarks, but on social media some conservative commentators immediately criticized her and the target of her remarks had his own take. In an interview with The Times, Mr. Trump dismissed Ms. Streep as “a Hillary lover” and said that while he had not watched the ceremony, he was “not surprised” to come under attack from “liberal movie people. ”  —   Daniel Victor and Patrick Healy Read the full text of Meryl Streep’s remarks and read more about the  ’s comments. Jimmy Fallon, generally an ebullient cruise director for awards shows, wasn’t a presence so much as a nuisance. The “La La Land” intro only really worked if you’d already seen “La La Land,” and the segment lacked the pep and fun of, for example, his “Glee”  musical intro to the 2010 Emmys. There was barely a monologue, but a teleprompter snafu probably shouldn’t derail a comedian who hosts a TV show five nights a week. The rest of his material was tiny  —   and not funny  —   interstitials introducing the presenters with strained wordplay. Does this show need a host? Maybe not.  —   Margaret Lyons Read a review of the telecast. Even cynical   watchers had to smile when the songwriting duo Benj Pasek and Justin Paul, ages 31 and 32, came bounding onto the stage to collect their Globe for the moody “La La Land” tune “City of Stars. ” The young men had clearly not yet received the show business memo that awards are to be accepted with practiced (false) modesty and coolness. “We need to calm down!” shouted Mr. Paul. “We’re so nervous!” They charmingly dedicated their best song award to “musical theater nerds everywhere. ” (Mr. Pasek and Mr. Paul also wrote the music for the celebrated “Dear Evan Hansen. ”) The same kind of emotion could also been seen whenever the cameras passed the “La La Land” table, where the two producers who shepherded the film the longest, Fred Berger and Jordan Horowitz, ages 35 and 36, could be seen melting down with joy as their film racked up one prize after another. Add in multiple trips to the stage by the film’s director, Damien Chazelle, 31, and it felt like an arrival moment for a new set of Young Turks. On to the Oscars?  —   Brooks Barnes Read about the making of “La La Land. ” There’s no movie called “Hidden Fences. ” There’s “Fences,” starring Viola Davis and Denzel Washington, and there’s “Hidden Figures,” starring Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monáe. First Jenna Bush Hager said it on NBC’s red carpet show when she was interviewing Pharrell Williams (who is a producer of “Hidden Figures”) and then Michael Keaton said it onstage. Look alive out there, folks.  —   Margaret Lyons Read about Pharrell Williams’s reaction. Donald Glover’s two acceptance speeches for his work on the FX show “Atlanta” were touching and personal (“I grew up in a house where magic wasn’t allowed”) and also hilarious (“I’d like to thank the Migos  —   not for being on the show, but for making ‘Bad and Boujee.’ That’s the best song ever”). “Atlanta” was one of the best, most distinctive shows of last season, and everything about the show’s win, and Mr. Glover’s velvet suit, and the cast’s   portrait felt unique and just right.  —   Margaret Lyons Read the complete list of Golden Globe winners. It was a night of facial hair and sparkles, fairy princess frocks and character dressing, with the characters, and the (Hollywood) royals, dressed straight from the silver screen playbook. Of course, some costumes are less obvious than others. And when it comes to the red carpet, at least pretending to dress as yourself as opposed to, say, a cut flower or Disney caricature, has power. Ruth Negga, for example, in a   sequined   gown (who doesn’t love the idea of a   gown?) by Louis Vuitton, took the idea of dressing for the award you want, a popular seasonal trope, and gave it a dose of futuristic cool. Evan Rachel Wood, channeling Marlene Dietrich and David Bowie (and Julie Andrews in “ ”) in an exactingly cut Altuzarra tux with white vest, offered absolute proof of her words that when it comes to awards season, there was no dress required. And Thandie Newton, in    white Monse, flames picked out in paillettes licking up her hem, just hinted at the idea of an avenging angel come to earth. Also on the   list, though in a more classical mode: Emma Stone, in     (pink was a trend) Valentino, metaphor obvious but still undeniably enchanting Brie Larson, in strapless red Rodarte with a draped and beaded bodice, matching lips and Veronica Lake hair Natalie Portman, in ’  chartreuse Prada maternity gown, a little “Jackie,” but not too much and Viola Davis in sunshine yellow   sequined Michael Kors, so bright she gave off her own light. For good or ill, Fashion with a capital F dresses can often look overdone or out of place on what has become a pretty visually safe space, and such was the case with Nicole Kidman’s Scottish shipwreck of a   corseted Alexander McQueen. Ditto Sarah Jessica Parker’s white   Vera Wang, with its echoes of both wedding dresses past and Princess Leia. And ditto Janelle Monáe’s   Armani: short in front, trailing in back, sequined on top. Just when you had taken one detail in: whoa! There was another. The red carpet just doesn’t reward risk. At least the very boring  —   all those sequined columns, yawn  —   doesn’t linger long in the brain.  —   Vanessa Friedman Read a review of the night’s looks and see a red carpet slide show. In “Nocturnal Animals,” Tom Ford’s twisty drama, Aaron   plays a sadistic thug who menaces a family on a deserted highway. Critics singled out the terrifying performance but on the awards circuit so far, the actor had garnered just one award (from the Santa Barbara International Film Festival) before his surprise Golden Globe for best supporting actor. Left   were favorites like Mahershala Ali (“Moonlight”). On the red carpet, Mr.   said he watched movies about Ted Bundy and Jeffrey Dahmer to prepare, while his wife, the director Sam   confessed, “It wasn’t my favorite part. ”  —   Stephanie Goodman  Read a review of “Nocturnal Animals. ” Tracee Ellis Ross’s acceptance speech was an elegant combination of meaningful ideas and gleeful spontaneity. Winning the Globe for best actress in a comedy (“ ”) Ms. Ross said that her award was also for “all of the women, women of color and colorful people whose stories, ideas and thoughts are not always considered worthy and valid and important. ” She said that it’s “an honor” to be on a show that tells stories “outside of where the industry usually looks. ” She also seemed absolutely delighted to have won. Isn’t this what we want from an acceptance speech? A little humor, a bit of thoughtfulness, some seemingly true human emotion.  —   Margaret Lyons Read more about Tracee Ellis Ross’s speech. It’s time to retire “Sofia Vergara is not a native English speaker” as a comic premise. She came out and said “anal” twice and then “anus,” the big joke being that she can’t pronounce “annual. ”  —   Margaret Lyons Steve Carell and Kristen Wiig’s introduction for best animated feature was hilarious. And thank God  —   the otherwise abysmal banter segments were draining every iota of energy out of the ceremony.  —   Margaret Lyons The actors who really stole the show were, for the most part, under the age of 15: the kids from “Stranger Things” and Sunny Pawar, the   Indian actor who played a lost child in “Lion. ” The “Stranger Things” boys  —   Finn Wolfhard, Gaten Matarazzo, Caleb McLaughlin and Noah Schnapp  —   arrived together, charming the red carpet  with their sharp outfits and snappy moves. Caleb later grabbed a selfie with Ryan Gosling during a commercial break. And onstage during the show, when Sunny was hoisted up to the mic by Dev Patel, who plays the older version of their character in the drama “Lion,” the entire ballroom erupted in awws and coos, the sound of hundreds of hearts melting.  —   Cara Buckley Read a review of “Lion” and a review of “Stranger Things. ”"
201,17511,Trump Was the Elephant in the Ballroom at the Golden Globes - The New York Times,New York Times,James Poniewozik,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"The biggest presence at Sunday’s Golden Globes was a TV star who didn’t show up, didn’t win an award, was not thanked and was only rarely mentioned by name. Hollywood’s first awards show of the year was  —   like so much in today’s headlines  —   brought to you by Donald J. Trump. Even before Meryl Streep took the   to the   he loomed over Jimmy Fallon’s monologue. The last time Mr. Trump appeared with Mr. Fallon on NBC’s “The Tonight Show,” the host tousled his hair during a softball interview. Mr. Trump’s subsequent election was both an affirmation of celebrity’s power and a repudiation of most celebrities’ politics. So beyond “Moonlight” versus “Manchester by the Sea,” a big question hanging over the awards was how, or whether, Mr. Fallon would address the Republican elephant in the room. The night began with exactly the kind of bit you’d figure Mr. Fallon would start with: a   parody of scenes from the musical mash note to Los Angeles, “La La Land. ” It was a fitting choice, if not an especially hilarious one, at the most escapist of awards shows. Music and   comedy are the strength of Mr. Fallon’s “The Tonight Show. ” (He brought his bandleader, Questlove, along as D. J.) And just as “La La Land” is a bubbly tribute to performers and their dreams, Mr. Fallon’s talk show is a stage for celebrities  —   and politicians  —   to perform their likability. In his monologue, Mr. Fallon seemed determined to show that his   hand had claws. He said the awards results were “tabulated by the firm of Ernst  Young and Putin. ” Referencing “Game of Thrones” fans who wondered what would have happened if King Joffrey  —   the show’s sadistic, petty    —   had lived, he said, “in 12 days we’re going to find out. ” His   jokes felt out of character the rest were ordinary. (He did show off his talent for impressions, doing a Chris Rock that reminded us how sharp Mr. Rock had been at the Oscars.) The most memorable part may have been at the beginning, when Mr. Fallon’s Teleprompter went out. He vamped for a bit, and after the commercial break he returned with a joke  —   likening his mishap to Mariah Carey’s singing disaster on New Year’s Eve  —   that it seemed half of Twitter had already made at that point. Mr. Fallon handled his technical   much better than the diva. But he didn’t make much of it either, and that summed up the night. He wasn’t bad this year just didn’t seem like his cultural moment. You had to wonder what last year’s host, the vitriolic Ricky Gervais, might have done, or Mr. Fallon’s other predecessors Tina Fey and Amy Poehler, who made acerbic jokes in good fun. Entertainers can make an audience forget the turbulent times with a tour de force performance. (See Steve Carell and Kristen Wiig, who did a brilliant bit about their first visits to the movies going horribly wrong  —   someone might want to call their agents and lock them down to host next year.) They can make art out of troubles. (See many of the night’s winners, such as the     “The People v. O. J. Simpson. ”) Or they can lay it between the lines. Hugh Laurie seemed to compare his character in “The Night Manager” to the  : “I accept this award on behalf of psychopathic billionaires everywhere. ” It was Meryl Streep, receiving the Cecil B. DeMille Award, who repudiated Mr. Trump, for a “performance” during the campaign in which he mocked a disabled reporter. “It sank its hooks in my heart,” she said. Call me biased (that reporter is a colleague at The Times) but it was as passionate and devastating as any scripted clip played that night. Ms. Streep also said that without Hollywood’s performers from around the world, “you’ll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts, which are not the arts. ” Did that persuade anyone for whom those   are entertainment? There is a school of thought that it does nobody good for celebrities to deliver political diatribes, coded or not, on a night that celebrates the fortune of the fortunate. But their work says something, like it or not. The 2016 election was, among other things, a cultural argument: overtly and subtextually, it was in part about how comfortable America was with change, diversity and inclusion  —   about whether there was some   homogeneous “greatness” that America had lost. The awards, and the acceptances, often served as an answer, a message that the social gears have not totally been thrown in reverse. “Moonlight,” a film about a young black man growing up gay, won best drama. FX’s “Atlanta,” set in the   scene of the Georgia city, won best TV comedy or musical, and its creator, Donald Glover (who also won best actor in a comedy or musical) thanked “all the black folks in Atlanta. ” And Tracee Ellis Ross, star of “ ” (whose title Mr. Trump once railed against on Twitter) dedicated her award to women of color: “I want you to know that I see you. We see you. ” Sometimes, this Globescast said, art is an escape. Sometimes it’s a call to arms. And sometimes seeing, and being seen, is a statement in itself."
202,17514,A Permanent Plinth for New Art Coming to the High Line - The New York Times,New York Times,Randy Kennedy,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"London has its Fourth Plinth, where contemporary artists have graced  —   and sometimes goaded  —   viewers in Trafalgar Square with sculptural work on a bare pedestal originally intended for an equestrian statue of William IV. Now New York will have its own plinth, a highly visible permanent stage for ambitious new international sculpture commissions, perched above 30th Street and 10th Avenue on one of the final sections of the High Line. This plinth, expected to open sometime in 2018, will likely change sizes and shapes depending on the artwork intended for it. It is a new creation by the High Line, being built on the spur that turns east at 30th Street, creating a corner that forms a kind of plaza, roomy enough for crowds and for larger sculpture than the narrow elevated park now accommodates. Cecilia Alemani, the director and chief curator of High Line Art, said that the development of the spur, which will be ringed by the skyscrapers of the new Hudson Yards office complex, prompted her and High Line officials to think about a stage that would hold its own with   public art sites like Rockefeller Center, City Hall Park and Madison Square Park. The plinth will be tall enough so that work on it will be instantly visible from the street, but on the High Line itself the space will be flanked by trees, making entering it feel something like walking into a clearing. “It’s almost like a jungle,” she said during a recent tour of the plaza’s construction site. “It’s like you leave the city for a while and go somewhere else. And it’s given us really the only place where we’ll have the ability to put   pieces, which will be like a punctuation in a beautiful piazza. ” Sculptures will remain on view for a year and a half at a time. The program will be funded by the Friends of the High Line and private donors at a cost that was not disclosed. Calls for art work went out quietly last year, and more than 50 artists submitted proposals. An advisory committee of prominent artists and curators  —   including Helen Molesworth, the chief curator of the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, and Franklin Sirmans, the director of the Pérez Art Museum in Miami  —   helped draw up the full roster of artists to be considered, and by spring a list of a dozen finalists will be narrowed to two by High Line officials. The short list includes veterans like Charles Gaines and the sculptor Haim Steinbach (who has proposed a piece resembling a chicken coop on stilts, a kind of comic vision of a penthouse) and   younger artists like Jeremy Deller, Matthew Day Jackson, Cosima von Bonin and Sam Durant, whose proposal is the most overtly political, a large sculptural version of a drone with wings stretched out over the High Line as if it were approaching Midtown for a missile launch. (In London in 2009, the artist Antony Gormley used the Fourth Plinth as a human stage, enlisting volunteers, some in various states of undress, to serve as the sculpture. “Nakedness is to art,” Mr. Gormley said, “what the ball is to football. ”) The other High Line finalists include Jonathan Berger, Minerva Cuevas, Lena Henke, Roman Ondak, Paola Pivi and Simone Leigh. Ms. Leigh has proposed a    bust of a black female figure whose body evokes both a skirt and a hut, based on smaller figures that have long been part of her work. In an interview, she said that the muscular,   site of the plinth was a place “I found a really horrifying environment for my work when I first saw it. ” She added, “And then I thought: ‘What better place to put a black female figure?’ Not in defiance of the space, exactly, but to have a different idea of beauty there. ”"
203,17515,Smithsonian Hears Call for Women’s Museum - The New York Times,New York Times,Graham Bowley,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"Leading women from politics, the arts and other fields urged   Donald Trump on Monday to support a new national women’s museum in Washington that would be affiliated with the Smithsonian Institution. At a meeting in New York to give momentum to the idea, the group cited the report of a bipartisan Congressional commission in November that urged construction of the museum. “It’s tremendously important,” said Representative Carolyn B. Maloney, Democrat of New York, who first proposed the project in the late 1990s. “How can you empower women if they are not even recognized?” The commission recommended “a national museum dedicated to showcasing the historical experiences and impact of women in this country. ” The commission did not specify a site but said its preference was for the museum, to be called the American Museum of Women’s History, to be located prominently in the capital, on or close to the National Mall. The museum will require legislation to become a reality. Emily K. Rafferty, former president of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and one of the commissioners who produced the congressional report, said, “The women’s tale has not been revealed, has not been properly identified or properly articulated. ” The commission proposed that the government provide the land or an existing building for the museum. Private   of about $150 million to $180 million would pay for construction costs, it said. A spokeswoman for the Smithsonian, Linda St. Thomas, said its secretary does not believe the institution is in a position to establish a new museum at this time, but was committed to representing the contributions of women in all the Smithsonian’s museums. Last year on the Mall, the Smithsonian opened the National Museum of African American History and Culture, the 19th museum or gallery in the Smithsonian portfolio."
204,17516,Looking at Your Home Planet from Mars - The New York Times,New York Times,Nicholas St. Fleur,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"Greetings Earthlings! This is your planet and its moon as seen from Mars, some 127 million miles away. This composite image, which was released by NASA on Friday, was created using a special camera aboard the agency’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, which is a spacecraft orbiting about 180 miles above the red planet. The camera is called the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment. It provides scientists with detailed views of the Martian surface so they can better study geological features like its volcanoes and gullies, as well as scope out potential landing sites for future missions. “It’s the biggest telescope ever sent to another planet,” said Alfred McEwen a planetary geologist at the University of Arizona and the principal investigator of HiRise. Dr. McEwen said that the image was taken while NASA researchers were trying to calibrate the camera. NASA knows precisely what color the moon’s near side is, so when it wants to calibrate HiRise, it points it at the moon and takes some images. NASA then analyzes the pictures and if the colors appear off it can correct the calibration. “The moon is boring. It doesn’t change, it’s relatively bland and it doesn’t have all of these variations or changing clouds. It’s a good calibration target,” Dr. McEwen said. “The Earth is a bad calibration target with all its variability like clouds and such, but it makes a pretty picture. ” Earth and the moon appear close in this image, but that is because the moon is actually just behind Earth. The researchers had to wait until the two celestial bodies were positioned like this because it provided them with the best view of the moon to perform their calibration, Dr. McEwen said. To make this picture, scientists combined two separate exposures taken on Nov. 20, 2016, which were processed differently. Dr. McEwen said that NASA needed two exposures to make this image because a good image of the moon saturates Earth, and a good image of Earth makes the moon appear too dark. Vegetation appears red in this image, according to Dr. McEwen. The red spot in the middle of Earth is Australia, the one on the top left is Southeast Asia and Antarctica is the bright white blob in the bottom left."
205,17517,Uber Extends an Olive Branch to Local Governments: Its Data - The New York Times,New York Times,Mike Isaac,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"The   company Uber and local governments often do not play well together. Uber pays little heed to regulation while city officials scramble to keep up with the company’s rapid deployment and surging popularity. But now, with a new   product, Uber is offering a tiny olive branch to its municipal critics. The company on Sunday unveiled Movement, a   website it hopes will persuade city planners to consider Uber as part of urban development and transit systems in the future. The site, which Uber will invite planning agencies and researchers to visit in the coming weeks, will allow outsiders to study traffic patterns and speeds across cities using data collected by tens of thousands of Uber vehicles. Users can use Movement to compare average trip times across certain points in cities and see what effect something like a baseball game might have on traffic patterns. Eventually, the company plans to make Movement available to the general public. If urban planners embrace the data, that could work toward a future Uber has long dreamed of, one in which the company’s transportation options are woven into municipal planning. “Our relationships with cities have typically been uneven, but there are a lot of places around the world where Uber and the cities we operate in have the same goals,” Andrew Salzberg, head of transportation policy at Uber, said in an interview. “We operate better in a world that has policy grounded on data. ” The collected trip data is made anonymous and aggregated, Uber said, which it hopes will assuage user privacy concerns. That data, Uber said, will most likely be much more reliable than what is typically used by urban planners, many of whom hire   agencies to study traffic patterns over time. Often, that data is expensive, and it can be out of date by the time it is analyzed. Uber argues that its data is more reliable because all of its drivers use smartphones equipped with accelerometers and global positioning technology. One challenge for Uber: improving upon the rocky partnerships it forged in the early,   data sharing deals it struck two years ago. In a widely publicized move in January 2015, Uber announced a deal with the city of Boston in which the company planned to share some anonymous data, with many of the same urban planning aspirations it has today. But that deal quickly soured. Boston officials said the agreement was not practical for city planning and development because it restricted what agencies the city could share the data with and because the data came only in quarterly batches. Boston city employees also grew frustrated with the lack of useful data being shared and Uber’s seeming lack of understanding of how to deal with city governments. “The totality of Uber and Lyft drivers in Boston represent what is effectively the addition of another transit line,” Jascha   chief information officer at Boston’s Department of Innovation  Technology, said in an interview. “The fact that we’re dealing with a whole new line that we don’t have data on and can’t integrate it into our planning is sort of ridiculous. ” Uber seemed to take the criticism to heart. After the Boston partnership, the company created a   team to develop an approach to sharing data with city planners across the world. Led by Jordan Gilbertson, a product manager at Uber, that project eventually became the new website, Movement. City officials said that they appreciated user data privacy concerns but that they also hoped to see more useful information from Uber. Mr.   shared a list of detailed requests that could aid future urban development, like demand patterns around   tenant housing, locations with likely potholes and the most common pickup and   locations. Uber maintains that it plans to release more data to cities over time as it rolls out the Movement tool to a wider audience of researchers and to the public. But the company said it would balance that demand for information with concerns about user privacy and the need to protect competitive data that could prove valuable to rivals like Lyft, Hailo and Grab, which are vying for riders across many of the same markets. “Ideally, we’ll someday find what that middle ground looks like,” Mr.   said."
206,17518,Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. - The New York Times,New York Times,Nicholas Lemann,2017-02-05,2017.0,2.0,,"HOW AMERICA LOST ITS SECRETSEdward Snowden, the Man and the TheftBy Edward Jay EpsteinIllustrated. 350 pp. Alfred A. Knopf. $27. 95. People who reveal secrets are either heroes or betrayers, depending on what the secrets are and on the inclinations of the audience for them. In the case of Edward Snowden, who took and then released a great deal of internal data from the National Security Agency in 2013, his admirers have campaigned for a   pardon by President Obama, but Donald Trump has mused that execution might be more appropriate. Journalism based on Snowden’s revelations won the Pulitzer Prize for public service in 2014, and the Oscar for best documentary in 2015 on the other hand, many American government officials think Snowden, who lives in Russia, should be brought home and prosecuted for revealing classified information. In 2014, Edward Jay Epstein, the veteran writer on espionage, published a provocative article in The Wall Street Journal proposing another way of looking at Snowden: as a spy. Epstein wrote that an unnamed “former member of President Obama’s cabinet” had told him “that there are only three possible explanations for the Snowden heist: 1) It was a Russian espionage operation 2) It was a Chinese espionage operation 3) It was a joint   operation. ” Now Epstein has produced a long, detailed book elaborating on his theory. Snowden is known for having revealed that the N. S. A. was illegally spying on American citizens, but Epstein says that he actually took almost a million documents that had nothing to do with that, which he didn’t give to journalists. What happened to them? How did a relatively lowly nonemployee at the agency, without much official access, manage to get all that material in the first place? Why did he choose to announce himself to the world from Hong Kong, and why has he remained in Moscow since he left Hong Kong? You can see the outlines of a coherent hypothesis in “How America Lost Its Secrets. ” Perhaps Snowden was planted at the N. S. A. by either Russia or China, or by both. Perhaps while he was there he worked with other, as yet undetected, insiders who were also serving foreign powers. Perhaps in Hong Kong he put himself into the care of Chinese handlers who debriefed him extensively during the nearly two weeks between his arrival and his  . Perhaps the same thing happened in Moscow during the first 37 days after he landed there, when he seems to have been hiding somewhere inside the airport security perimeter. Perhaps his reward for, in effect, defecting has been the odd protected life in Russia that celebrated spies like Kim Philby and Guy Burgess previously enjoyed. Perhaps his   role as a   was merely a counterintuitive (because it was so public) new form of cover. Epstein proves none of this. “How America Lost Its Secrets” is an impressively fluffy and   wobbly soufflé of speculation, full of anonymous sourcing and suppositional language like “it seems plausible to believe” or “it doesn’t take a great stretch of the imagination to conclude. ” Epstein’s first book, “Inquest,” published more than 50 years ago, featured another mysterious young man who spent time in Moscow, Lee Harvey Oswald. This book has a   feeling, because it touches on several of Epstein’s   preoccupations: Russia the movie and media businesses the gullibility of liberals and, especially, the world of penetration, exfiltration, false flags and other aspects of counterintelligence. The spirit of James Jesus Angleton, the C. I. A. ’s   counterintelligence chief during the peak years of the Cold War and evidently a mentor to Epstein (he’s mentioned several times) hovers over these pages. Sometimes it seems as if Epstein so much enjoys exploring the twists and turns in Snowden’s story  —   his encounter with Snowden’s mysterious lawyer in Moscow, Anatoly Kucherena, is especially memorable  —   that he doesn’t have an overwhelming need to settle the questions he raises. The sentence from The Wall Street Journal quoted above appears almost verbatim in the book, but it’s immediately followed by this: “These severe accusations generated much heat but little light. They were not accompanied by any evidence showing that Snowden had acted in concert with any foreign power in stealing the files or, for that matter, that he was not acting out of his own personal convictions, no matter how misguided they might have been. ” But then Epstein spends many more pages considering, and not dismissing, the very same severe accusations, and ends by saying that “Snowden’s theft of state secrets . ’u2008. ’u2008. had evolved, deliberately or not, but necessarily, into a mission of disclosing key national secrets to a foreign power. ” This is Epstein’s primary conclusion: Even if the American public was a partial beneficiary of Snowden’s revelations, the main beneficiary was Russia, which to his mind couldn’t possibly have failed to take possession of all the material Snowden took from the N. S. A. Whatever caveats he uses and whatever hard evidence he hasn’t found, Epstein clearly wants to leave readers with the impression that Snowden remains in Russia as a result of a deal exchanging his information for its protection. He repeatedly hints that he has reason to be more certain about his conclusion than he’s able to say in print. Snowden, Julian Assange of WikiLeaks, and their immediate circle of allies come from a radically libertarian hacker culture that, most of the time, doesn’t believe there should be an N. S. A. at all, whether or not it remains within the confines of its legal charter. Epstein, conversely, is a strong supporter of the agency’s official mission of “communication intercepts,” which he sees as an essential element in the United States’ ability to participate in “the game of nations. ” To him one of the lessons of the Snowden case is that the agency’s reliance on private contractors like Snowden instead of career employees has made it dangerously vulnerable to security breaches. It’s an irony of the years since the Reagan revolution that one political strain in the United States, suspicion of big government, has led to spending and staffing limits that have pushed the N. S. A. into the   private marketplace to perform its   mission. (The contractor that employed Snowden had been acquired by a private equity firm that was pressuring it to cut costs, and elaborate background checks are expensive.) That conflicts with another strain of modern conservatism, support for a vast   apparatus. Whatever his motive, Snowden found a way to arbitrage that contradiction. The age of the internet, Vladimir Putin, Snowden and WikiLeaks has generated its own particular form of disruption around how we think about the revelation of government secrets. Traditional spies seem far less important these days, because unclubbable, technically adept people can do that kind of work far more effectively. The press, at least for now, has assumed a larger role in the ecosystem of revelation, because hackers prefer finding partners in the mainstream media to simply releasing information on their own. But this new set of arrangements makes journalists look more like conduits and contextualizers, and less like originators of information. Reporters aren’t supposed to be hackers themselves (see the News of the World scandals in London five years ago) but they’re not capable of resisting juicy information that others have hacked, no matter how unsavory the purpose (see the ubiquitous coverage of John Podesta’s   private emails during the fall campaign). Journalists are quite comfortable with the idea of the news media uncovering government secrets that should not have been secret in the first place. This may be a role whose run is coming to an end. Information is too copious and flows too freely, and there are too many players in the revelation game  —   political activists, foreign governments, tricksters,    —   for journalists to function as the arbiters of revelation. If there isn’t any longer going to be one trustworthy group in society, the established press, that acts as a benign check on excessive government secrecy, the discussion of what should and shouldn’t be secret becomes a lot messier. Epstein has long been annoyed with the idea of the press as the key actor in secrecy dramas, digging up what the public should know but not exposing everything  . Way back in 1974, he published an article in Commentary called “Did the Press Uncover Watergate?” (His answer: no.) This time around, his concern seems to be half with the celebratory closed loop between Snowden and the journalists who covered him, and half with the causes and consequences of a major security breach at the N. S. A. The heart of the matter is the second of these concerns, not the first. In the Snowden affair, the press didn’t decide what stayed secret, and neither did Congress, the White House or the N. S. A. Snowden did."
207,17519,Casey Affleck: ‘Thanks for Dressing Up’ - The New York Times,New York Times,Guy Trebay,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"To be fair to Casey Affleck, he is not the biggest schlump in show business. Adam Sandler takes that prize. And let’s state upfront that we are talking here strictly in sartorial terms. There is plenty to be said about the more serious of Mr. Affleck’s shortcomings, the ones that have led him to settle two sexual harassment cases out of court and that some say may cost him the Oscar. For present purposes, however, what concerns us is Mr. Affleck’s bizarro style, a kind of slovenly and idiosyncratic take on normcore that conjures up images of every high school stoner you have ever met. Lately, the star has been seen in public a lot, picking up prize statuary and barnstorming the   circuit  —   from Jimmy Kimmel to Jimmy Fallon to “Saturday Night Live”  —   for “Manchester by the Sea. ” In this immaculately calibrated Kenneth Lonergan   Mr. Affleck plays a Boston handyman descended into a fugue of volatile,   depression after a tragic series of events. Making his strongest bid yet for an Oscar, the perennially underestimated actor gives a performance so tightly coiled that it threatens at times to crash projection software in theaters and plunge audiences into the dark. Slogging his way toward the biggest award show, in February, Mr. Affleck has so far picked up Golden Globe, Gotham, National Board of Review, New York Film Critics Circle and Critics’ Choice trophies. And he has become, for now, a regular presence in the press and on television, the thinking person’s Bill and Ted. “Thanks for dressing up,” Stephen Colbert said to Mr. Affleck last February, when he appeared on “The Late Show” to promote his previous movie, the crime thriller “Triple 9. ” Mr. Colbert was referring to Mr. Affleck’s hardly bothering  : a pair of roomy khakis, sneakers, a rumpled blazer and an untucked   shirt. His hair, as is customary, looked as though he had combed it with salad tongs. “I can’t tell whether this choice is the least celebrity thing to do or the most celebrity thing to do, because it’s very casual,” Mr. Colbert told the actor, whom he went on to liken, with some accuracy, to a “  Jesus. ” Mr. Affleck, of course, is far from the first star to use clothes to register his pointed indifference to the industry’s sports jacket or penguin suit conventions. Turning up on Jon Stewart’s Comedy Central show, Mr. Sandler once wore an oversize corduroy shirt jacket he termed a “shacket” while flogging a forgettable 2011 movie titled “Jack and Jill. ” At the time, Mr. Sandler said his wife had purchased the shacket in a bid to upgrade his wardrobe, though to the average viewer, the garment looked like something found on a Greyound bus. When compared with Mr. Sandler, with his customary Stu Pickles   Mr. Affleck is a   Cary Grant. He appears to own a blazer and a suit or two, and can seemingly knot a tie. True, those ties tend to migrate off the centerline, his shirt collars curl at the ends, and his hairstyles skew messianic. But at least he has not been seen in public wearing sweatpants featuring the dorsal cleavage often referred to as plumber’s   …     never mind. “Casey always looks vaguely unshowered anyway, in real life, as well,” said Melissa Toth, whose meticulous work on “Manchester by the Sea” is a master class in cinematic costume design. “He’s a scruffy boy. ” The   scruff on his chin is occupational, Mr. Affleck explained in   on “Saturday Night Live,” grown for a part. Yet the truth is, it has been some time since anyone has spotted the      actor without the chin whiskers that are the male version of the eyeglasses pretty girls sometimes wear to make themselves look smart. “Scraggly” was the term Mr. Affleck applied to his beard on “Saturday Night Live,” and “not in a Santa way, more of a ‘Duck Dynasty’ way. ” And if scraggly is the image he has cultivated in almost every appearance, it’s a look he may decide to polish when Oscar season rolls around in full. After years spent “banging on Hollywood’s door,” as Variety said in October, the time may have come, with “Manchester by the Sea,” for Mr. Affleck to break through to the big leagues. And when he does  —   as odds suggest is likely  —   he may want to spring for a   shave and a jacket that fits, and learn to tuck in his shirt, industry experts say. “As a sign of respect, it is better to err on the side of dressing too well than not dressing enough,” said Rob Burnett, the longtime executive producer of “Late Show With David Letterman. ” “You want to avoid the possibility of ever looking like you don’t care. ” What should never happen, Mr. Burnett added, is that a   host like Mr. Fallon, Mr. Colbert or Mr. Kimmel takes an appraising look at an actor dressed in clothes you might wear to clean out the attic and says, “Oh, thanks for dressing up. ”"
208,17520,Jeff Sessions Says He Would Be Independent and Stand Up to Trump - The New York Times,New York Times,Eric Lichtblau and Matt Apuzzo,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Senator Jeff Sessions,   Donald J. Trump’s nominee for attorney general, pledged on Tuesday to “say no” to Mr. Trump if he tries to go beyond the law, and he spoke out against torture, a ban on Muslim immigration and other ideas that had been floated by Mr. Trump. Mr. Sessions, a deeply conservative Republican from Alabama who was an early Trump supporter, appears headed for confirmation after completing more than nine hours of testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Mr. Sessions and his allies had girded for a coordinated attack on his civil rights record, but Democrats tempered their criticism and Republicans mounted a   defense, describing him repeatedly as a man of integrity. In his two decades on Capitol Hill, Mr. Sessions has questioned whether the Constitution guarantees citizenship to anyone born in the United States, has said courts have interpreted the separation of church and state too broadly and has declared   marriage a threat to American culture. He also voted against reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act. Much of the hearing focused on Mr. Sessions’s long record as a prosecutor and a senator, but Mr. Trump proved a dominant figure in absentia for much of the debate as Democrats sought to question the   by proxy. They asked whether Mr. Sessions supported Mr. Trump’s most controversial statements and questioned whether he had the independence to rein in the   Mr. Trump if he seeks to exceed his presidential authority. In his cool, Southern drawl, Mr. Sessions vowed repeatedly that he would, saying that an attorney general “cannot be a mere rubber stamp” for the president. “If an attorney general is asked to do something that’s plainly unlawful,” he said, “that person would have to resign ultimately before agreeing to execute a policy that the attorney general believes would be unlawful or unconstitutional. ” But he indicated that he did not believe he would reach that impasse. If he advises Mr. Trump that a policy is illegal, he said, “I am confident that he would” heed that advice. A Methodist, he also pledged to set aside his personal beliefs and aggressively enforce all federal laws  —   even in areas like abortion, gay rights and hate crimes where he has made his opposition well known. “I don’t think it would be hard for me to be impartial and enforce laws that I didn’t vote for,” he said. “I think I can separate my personal votes of maybe years ago from what my responsibilities is today. ” He was asked, for instance, about a law he opposed in the Senate making attacks based on sexual orientation a hate crime. “The law has been passed, the Congress has spoken, and you can be sure I will enforce it,” Mr. Sessions said. Many of Mr. Sessions’s answers appeared calculated to distance himself from some of Mr. Trump’s most contentious threats and pledges on the campaign trail. He said, for instance, that current law “absolutely” bans waterboarding and the use of other torture techniques against prisoners  —   even though Mr. Trump promised to reinstitute the practice and Mr. Sessions himself supported it for years. Asked about last week’s report by intelligence agencies that Russia tried to influence the American election, he said that “I have no reason to doubt that and no information that would indicate otherwise”  —   a sharp contrast from Mr. Trump’s weeks of skepticism. Mr. Trump last week called the uproar over Russia’s role a “political witch hunt. ” He said he also opposed creating a registry of American Muslims or banning Muslim immigrants, as Mr. Trump proposed repeatedly during the campaign in response to terrorist attacks. “I have no belief and do not support the idea that Muslims as a religious group should be denied admission to the United States,” Mr. Sessions said. But he said he supported using “extreme vetting” of immigrants that might take into account religious beliefs  —   an idea Mr. Trump now appears to have endorsed. Mr. Sessions also appeared to play down the prospects that his Justice Department would seek to jail Hillary Clinton over her private email server, another pledge that Mr. Trump made repeatedly during the campaign. Mr. Sessions surprised lawmakers by declaring that he would recuse himself from any decisions on Mrs. Clinton’s emails or the Clinton Foundation because he said that critical statements he made about her during the campaign might pose a conflict. Mr. Sessions had previously supported appointing a special prosecutor to investigate Mrs. Clinton. The F. B. I. ’s investigation into her private email server is closed, and while a preliminary investigation into the Clinton Foundation is open, senior law enforcement officials say there is little basis for the case to move forward. He deflected questions about Mr. Trump with a calm stoicism, but he grew angry and emotional when Democrats pressed him on a more personal matter: accusations of racial insensitivity toward his employees and others as a federal prosecutor, which doomed his nomination for a federal judgeship in 1986. Protesters in the ornate Senate hearing room, who disrupted the proceedings more than a dozen times during the day, erupted in chants of “Sessions is a racist!” and “No Trump, no K. K. K. no fascist U. S. A. !” Two men dressed as Klansmen in white robes and hoods shouted their mocking support for Mr. Sessions before security officers hustled them out of the room. With his voice rising, Mr. Sessions called accusations that he had made racist remarks in the 1980s “damnably false. ” Senator Susan Collins of Maine, a Republican friend who introduced Mr. Sessions for the hearing, came to his defense, pointing to Mr. Sessions’s prosecution of Klan members in an Alabama murder and his appointment of the first   chief counsel to the Judiciary Committee’s Republican staff. “These are not the actions of an individual motivated by racial animus,” she said. Mr. Sessions was the first senator to endorse Mr. Trump’s   presidential bid in early 2016, and they bonded over their shared agreement that immigration had had devastating effects on working people. While Mr. Sessions sought to distance himself on Tuesday from some of Mr. Trump’s controversial stances, he embraced the  ’s focus on toughened immigration laws and a “law and order” agenda  —   priorities he himself has stressed for years. He promised to escalate federal arrests and prosecutions of undocumented immigrants, drug dealers, gun traffickers and violent criminals in response to a rise in crime in some cities, and he declared that “protecting the American people from the scourge of radical Islamic terrorism will continue to be a top priority. ” Critical to that agenda, he said, will be improving federal relations with the police after the intense scrutiny that has followed a string of   police shootings of black men, often unarmed. “Law enforcement as a whole has been unfairly maligned and blamed for the unacceptable actions of a few of their bad actors,” Mr. Sessions said. “They believe the political leadership in the country has abandoned them. ” Indeed, Mr. Sessions questioned the Obama administration’s use of civil rights lawsuits and consent decrees to force changes in training and    policies at police departments that have been accused of unconstitutional tactics. Although Mr. Sessions has completed his testimony, the hearings will continue on Wednesday with testimony by advocates on both sides. Witnesses supporting Mr. Sessions will include former Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey and Larry Thompson, a former deputy attorney general. Testifying against him will be officials from the American Civil Liberties Union and the N. A. A. C. P. as well as Senator Cory Booker, Democrat of New Jersey, a rare case of a senator testifying against a colleague."
209,17521,Hearing Highlights: Sessions Questioned on Links to Xenophobia - The New York Times,New York Times,"Matt Apuzzo, Eric Lichtblau and Emmarie Huetteman",2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"■ Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama offered assurances that he would be willing as attorney general to tell   Donald J. Trump “no” and not be “a mere rubber stamp. ” ■ He said that waterboarding is “absolutely” illegal and that he did not support barring Muslims from the United States. ■ Because of comments he made during the presidential campaign, Mr. Sessions said he would recuse himself from any lingering investigations involving Hillary Clinton’s emails or her family’s foundation. ■ Retired Gen. John F. Kelly, the Homeland Security nominee, said that a wall on the border with Mexico would not by itself remedy illegal immigration. Here’s the latest: Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, questioned Mr. Sessions about his links to groups and people who have taken xenophobic views. Here’s a quick primer, from a recent Times profile. Mr. Blumenthal asked: “How can Americans have confidence that you’re going to enforce   laws if you’ve accepted awards from these kinds of groups and associated with these kinds of individuals and won’t return the awards?” Mr. Sessions said he does not necessarily share the views of every political donor or organization he has received an award from. Mr. Sessions came of age in the Justice Department at the height of the crack epidemic. He has described himself as a lieutenant in the war on drugs, said he was “heartbroken” when President Obama compared marijuana to alcohol, and criticized the administration for not enforcing drug laws in states like Colorado that have legalized marijuana. He said in 2015: Flash forward to Tuesday. Mr. Sessions sidestepped questions about whether he would put the weight of the Justice Department behind drug prosecution in those states. Doing so would set up a huge fight over states’ rights and federal drug policy. “I know it won’t be an easy decision,” he said. Senate Democrats do not have the votes, by themselves, to prevent Mr. Sessions from becoming attorney general, and they have spared their colleague any vitriol, doing little to undermine his confirmation. Mr. Sessions was prepared to face renewed questions about race and comments he was accused of making  in the 1980s regarding the N. A. A. C. P. the American Civil Liberties Union and “ ” views. Liberal activists have repeatedly disrupted the hearing, screaming “K. K. K. ” or “racist. ” But the questioning from Democrats has mostly focused on his Senate record and whether he would enforce laws that he disagreed with. He has said he would. In short, there is no indication so far that his confirmation is in jeopardy. Mr. Sessions, who has supported the use of waterboarding as an interrogation tactic, said that current law makes it “absolutely improper and illegal. ” That’s important because it suggests that Mr. Sessions sees no workaround that would allow Mr. Trump to reinstate such tactics. Mr. Sessions has previously said he supported the Justice Department legal analysis that authorized harsh interrogation in C. I. A. prisons, and has said that waterboarding works. By saying that the law against waterboarding is clear, Mr. Sessions makes it much harder, if not impossible, for Mr. Trump to bring it back. In response to a question about whether he supported a temporary ban on Muslim immigration, as Mr. Trump has suggested, Mr. Sessions said he did not. “I have no belief and do not support the idea that Muslims as a religious groups should be denied admission to the United States,” he said. But he noted that Mr. Trump has since clarified that the restriction should be on immigration from countries that support terrorism. He said religious views  —   where, for example, they include justification for violence against Americans  —   should be considered as part of the visa progress. Would you support a law that says, ‘You can’t come to America because you’re a Muslim’? asked Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina. “No,” Mr. Sessions replied. Mr. Sessions was a top surrogate for Mr. Trump during a campaign in which “lock her up!” was a rallying cry against Mrs. Clinton. Mr. Sessions said that if there were lingering investigations into Mrs. Clinton’s use of a private email server or her family foundation, he would recuse himself. “You intend to recuse yourself from both the Clinton email matter and any investigation involving the Clinton foundation, if there are any?” asked Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa. “Yes,” Mr. Sessions said. “This country doesn’t punish its political enemies. ” Mr. Sessions last faced the Judiciary Committee three decades ago, for a seat on the federal bench. His nomination failed, in part over allegations that he had described civil rights groups as “ ” and that he had suggested a white lawyer was a disgrace to his race for representing  . At the time, he said his comments were misunderstood or taken out of context. He offered a more forceful denial this time: “I never declared that the N. A. A. C. P. was ‘ ’ or that a civil rights attorney was a ‘disgrace to his race,’” Mr. Sessions said. In 1986 he described it this way: And here’s how he described the “disgrace to his race” exchange. Mr. Sessions assured his Senate colleagues that he would strictly adhere to the Constitution and stand up to the president if needed. He’s been consistent for years that senators should apply that test to Justice Department nominees. The Republican theme of the hearing is that Mr. Sessions is a known entity, and he reinforced that in his opening remarks. “You know who I am,” he said. “You know what I believe in. ” Mr. Sessions has been in the Senate for nearly 20 years and is liked by his colleagues. Moderate Republicans and at least one Democrat have said they will vote for him, which all but guarantees his confirmation. And General Kelly is likely to be easily confirmed. That does not mean Democrats will hold their fire, but they are likely to mount their most vigorous offensive against other nominees, including Representative Tom Price, a Georgia Republican who is Mr. Trump’s choice to be health secretary. While Mr. Sessions faced some tough questioning, the early going for General Kelly was more gentle. Mr. Gates, a former defense secretary under Mr. Obama and George W. Bush, introduced General Kelly as a “  candid, courageous leader who will say exactly what he thinks. ” But what sets him apart, Mr. Gates said, is his character. “To put it quite simply, he is one of the finest people I have ever known,” he said. “I would trust him with my life. ” Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri, the committee’s top Democrat, asked Mr. Kelly to be ready to take tough questions, but thanked him for providing the disclosures necessary by the Office of Government Ethics, whose review was completed this week. She asked Mr. Kelly to hew closely to what he had described as his greatest strength: speaking truth to power. “That was music to my ears,” Ms. McCaskill said. “I believe very much in that principle, and I think we all anticipate that you will need it in your next job. ” “Given your experience, I expect you to be up to that challenge,” she added. “And I think if you’re backing down, you’ll probably hear from me. ” In response to questions from Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, about Mr. Trump’s proposal to build a wall on the southern border, General Kelly said a physical barrier wasn’t going to stem the problem. “If you were to build a wall from the Pacific to Mexico, you would still have to have it backed up by people, by sensors, by other technologies,” he said. The Kelly hearing was remarkable for its subdued tone, with Republicans and Democrats alike cordially asking Mr. Kelly about Mr. Trump’s more contentious stances, like forcing Muslims to register with the federal government. One by one, he put their concerns to rest in a measured tone. It apparently proved too subdued for the protest group Code Pink. A couple of activists listened in their bright pink capes mere hours after disrupting the confirmation hearing for Mr. Sessions. More than an hour after the hearing started, they quietly collected their belongings and left the hearing room without any demonstration."
210,17522,"Republicans, Facing Pressure, Delay Hearings for 4 Trump Cabinet Nominees - The New York Times",New York Times,Jennifer Steinhauer and Steve Eder,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Senate Republicans, under increasing pressure to ensure that   Donald J. Trump’s nominees are fully vetted by federal authorities, have delayed the hearings of four potential cabinet members, three of whom have not been cleared by the agency charged with unraveling potential conflicts of interest. As frustrations over confirmations grow, a group that supports Republicans accused the ethics office and its leader  —   in a highly unusual attack on the nonpartisan agency  —   of politicizing a process long viewed by both parties as arduous but essential for anyone serving in government. Hearings for Betsy DeVos, Mr. Trump’s choice to lead the Department of Education Andrew Puzder, his labor secretary nominee and Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, Mr. Trump’s pick to lead the Central Intelligence Agency, have all been pushed back as Democrats clamor for more time to collect and review the standard background checks that nominees traditionally undergo before their hearings commence. Wilbur Ross, Mr. Trump’s pick for secretary of commerce, will also be delayed several days because his ethics agreement is not complete, according to the chairman and ranking Democrat of the commerce committee. The delays represent a stumble for the incoming Trump administration, which has vowed to run government with a businesslike efficiency, and highlights how in several respects its preparation to take office is behind that of predecessors. In the case of Ms. DeVos, a billionaire, a complex web of financial holdings may be slowing down the Office of Government Ethics, which helps federal officials address conflict of interest matters, while Mr. Puzder’s background documents are also not in order. Walter M. Shaub Jr. the director of the ethics office, said in a letter to Senator Patty Murray, Democrat of Washington, that he did not know when Ms. DeVos would be cleared by his agency as this was “dependent on the nominee to provide needed information, respond to questions and accept the terms of an ethics agreement. ” Republicans have vowed hearings for as many nominees as possible before Mr. Trump’s inauguration, so that they can be cleared to served immediately, particularly those posts associated with national security. “We will be in a position to confirm a significant number of the president’s nominees on day one,” said the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky. Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the minority leader, said Tuesday on the Senate floor, “This new hearing schedule is a very good first step, but we still have a ways to go. ” Mr. Trump’s aides have been pressuring the ethics office to expedite its processes, even though it did not get the necessary paperwork from most of his nominees until recently, putting Republicans in a difficult position of either pushing forward with hearings without proper vetting  —   something most of the chairmen are loath to do  —   or delaying them in some cases indefinitely. “Trump is the latest   to begin the process in contemporary history,” said Paul C. Light, a professor of Public Service at New York University who worked on Capitol Hill as an adviser on transitions. “This puts the Republicans under pressure and sets up possible problems down the road. Mr. Trump is asking the Senate to make up for his own failures here. ” The conservative organization America Rising PAC took aim at Mr. Shaub on Monday, highlighting his “history as a Democrat and the double standard he employed as head” of the agency, highlighting his political donations to President Obama as well as his office’s “utter incompetence” in policing financial matters related to Hillary and Bill Clinton. The PAC chided Mr. Shaub for wading into the politics of the transitions, saying his public comments and criticisms had become fodder for “Congressional Democrats to try and score points. ” The PAC noted an informal  —   and    —   series of postings on Twitter from the office’s official account congratulating Mr. Trump on divesting from his real estate business  —   a move he had not made. “The head of President Obama’s ethics department has absolutely zero credibility to criticize others,” Scott Sloofman, a spokesman for America Rising PAC, said in an email, adding that Mr. Shaub’s “outburst over the weekend reeks of partisan politics from an embittered Democrat still reeling from November’s election result. ” In messages posted to Twitter on Tuesday, the office wrote that it is “Moving quickly!”  —   noting that it had   54 percent of the nominees it has received from the Trump transition team, compared with 29 percent at the same point in 2009. “OGE is expediting reviews of the financial disclosure reports of the  ’s nominees, without sacrificing quality,” the agency said on Twitter. An employment lawyer by trade, Mr. Shaub joined the Office of Government Ethics in 2006, during the administration of George W. Bush, working as a supervisory lawyer. In 2008, he became a deputy general counsel, and then President Obama in 2013 nominated Mr. Shaub as director of the office. Ethics experts who have worked closely with the office and Mr. Shaub said the criticisms of him seemed unfair. “For simply doing his job, director Shaub is now being unfairly attacked,” Norman L. Eisen, a former special counsel for ethics and government reform under Mr. Obama, and Richard W. Painter, the chief White House ethics lawyer to Mr. Bush, said in a joint statement. “It seems that it is open season on ethics in Washington, D. C. Last week the nonpartisan, independent Office of Congressional Ethics was attacked, and now the nonpartisan, independent Office of Government Ethics and its director are being targeted. ” They added, “This attempt to bully and intimidate a hardworking, understaffed agency like O. G. E. must not go unchecked. ” The compliance office work on the transition got off to a cordial and even enthusiastic start during the final months of the campaign, and continued after the election, according to a series of emails between ethics officials and Mr. Trump’s representatives obtained through public records requests by MSNBC and the James Madison Project. “Congratulations on the campaign’s victory,” Mr. Shaub wrote members of Mr. Trump’s transition team on the morning after Election Day, just hours after his victory, adding, “We’re really looking forward to getting down to work on this presidential transition  —   which we’re going to make one of the best in history!”"
211,17523,Trump Asks Critic of Vaccines to Lead Vaccine Safety Panel - The New York Times,New York Times,"Michael D. Shear, Nicholas Fandos and Jennifer Steinhauer",2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"■ Robert F. Kennedy Jr. one of the nation’s most prominent skeptics of childhood vaccines, says   Donald J. Trump has asked him to lead a vaccine panel. ■ Charlotte Church delivers a pungent “no” to the inaugural committee’s invitation to perform. Inaugural official says they were going for “soft sensuality” anyway. ■ A delay for the confirmation hearing of Mr. Trump’s pick for education secretary, Betsy DeVos. Mr. Trump on Tuesday asked a prominent   crusader to lead a new government commission on vaccine safety and scientific integrity, ushering debunked conspiracy theories about the dangers of immunization into the White House. Mr. Trump, who has embraced discredited links between vaccines and autism, has asked Robert F. Kennedy Jr. a nephew of President John F. Kennedy, to be chairman of the commission, Mr. Kennedy said after meeting with the   at Trump Tower. Mr. Kennedy’s appointment spread alarm through the medical community, which for years has rejected claims that childhood vaccines are linked to conditions like autism. Medical experts warned Tuesday that Mr. Trump’s actions would endanger children by confusing parents about the need to have them vaccinated. “It gives it a   that I frankly find frightening,” said William Schaffner, a professor of preventive medicine and infectious diseases at Vanderbilt University. He said Mr. Trump and Mr. Kennedy were being fooled by “ ” theories about vaccines. “This is going to be a sad struggle as we try to protect as many children as possible,” Mr. Schaffner said. Among his many political pursuits, Mr. Trump picked up the   cause a few years back. In 2012, he tweeted: And: These views, to say the least, are not the scientific consensus, any more than scientists believe that climate change is a Chinese plot  —   another theory once espoused by the  . Charlotte Church can sing in English, Welsh, Latin, Italian and French, but she won’t be doing so in any language for Mr. Trump’s inauguration. Ms. Church, the Welsh singer who began her public career at the age of 11 in the late 1990s, said on Tuesday that Mr. Trump’s inaugural team had reached out to her about performing during the festivities. She was, to put it nicely, less than interested. (Yes, those emoji are what you think they are.) Ms. Church’s wasn’t the only door slamming shut on Mr. Trump’s team on Tuesday. The other belonged to Rebecca Ferguson, a British singer who rose to prominence on the country’s “X Factor” and said she would perform only if she could sing Billie Holiday’s “Strange Fruit. ” The inaugural team was apparently less than enthusiastic. Mr. Trump’s team has secured performances by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, the    Jackie Evancho and the Radio City Rockettes. They are expected to dribble out more artists soon. Meh, they didn’t want Charlotte Church anyway. Tom Barrack Jr. a close friend of Mr. Trump’s who is planning the inauguration, told reporters in Trump Tower on Tuesday that Mr. Trump was not looking for “ ” to perform anyway. “We’re fortunate in that we have the greatest celebrity in the world, which is the ” Mr. Barrack said. He added, “so what we’ve done instead of trying to surround him with what people consider   is we are going to surround him with the soft sensuality of the place. It’s a much more poetic cadence than having a circuslike celebration that’s a coronation. ” “Soft sensuality” is not generally what comes to mind when one thinks of Washington, D. C. in January, but the city is changing. Senate Democrats have been complaining that there are too many hearings for Mr. Trump’s nominees on Wednesday  —   at one point there were six scheduled  —   and Republicans, eager to get Mr. Trump’s team in place, have relented a bit. They moved Betsy DeVos, his pick for education secretary, to Jan. 17. Ms. DeVos’s wealth and complicated finances have made the process of unraveling her potential conflicts of interest through the Office of Government Ethics a bit more complicated, so she was perhaps the most logical person to bump. The office, in a letter to Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the ranking Democrat on the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, made it clear that Ms. DeVos’s background check is far from complete, and that it would be inappropriate to move forward without it. Republicans have maintained the date for her vote out of the HELP Committee: Jan. 24. Two military experts told the Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday that an exception should be made so that James N. Mattis, a recently retired Marine Corps general, can serve as secretary of defense in the Trump administration. The hearing on the importance of civilian control of the military, which was led by Senator John McCain of Arizona, is intended to set the stage for the committee’s confirmation hearing on Mr. Mattis’s nomination on Thursday. Military officers are barred by law from serving as defense secretary unless they have been out of office for seven years. Mr. Mattis retired from the military in May 2013. But in an encouraging sign for his prospects, the lawmakers appeared to be generally receptive to the experts’ arguments. “The principle of civilian control of the military is precious,” said Eliot A. Cohen, a professor at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who served as State Department counselor during the George W. Bush administration. But Mr. Cohen, who was a “Never Trumper” during the campaign, argued that an exception should be made because Mr. Mattis was a person of integrity and had vital experience at a time when the Pentagon has to contend with multiple threats, and because he might dissuade the incoming administration from acting recklessly. “A Secretary Mattis would be a stabilizing and moderating force, preventing wildly stupid, dangerous and illegal things from happening, and over time helping to steer American foreign and security policy in a sound and sensible direction,” Mr. Cohen said. Kathleen H. Hicks, an expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, also said that it was appropriate to make an exception for Mr. Mattis and praised his character and expertise. “It should never be considered ‘time for a general’ to fill the   nonelected civilian position in the operational chain,” she said, referring to Mr. Trump’s comments in a November interview. “I assess the state of U. S.   relations to be strong enough to withstand any risk such a     exception, on its own, could pose,” she added.   Trump’s transition team is considering asking the deputy defense secretary, Robert Work, to remain in his position at the Pentagon for several months after Mr. Trump’s inauguration, according to an official familiar with the discussions. While no final decision has been made, the official suggested that Mr. Work could provide some initial bureaucratic stability as Mr. Mattis builds his team at the Pentagon. Last month Mr. Trump announced his intention to nominate Vincent Viola as Army secretary. Mr. Work’s consideration was posted on Twitter by Jennifer Griffin of Fox News and also reported by The Washington Post. Mr. Work could not be reached for comment Monday night. This one will hurt. Two prominent   lawmakers, Representative John Lewis of Georgia, a civil rights hero, and Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey, will be the Democrats’ star witnesses against Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, Mr. Trump’s nominee to be attorney general. Mr. Sessions’s nomination to be a federal judge in 1986 was derailed by allegations of racial bias, and he has drawn opposition from   groups. Both lawmakers will have their own particular resonance. Mr. Lewis, a lieutenant of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. ’s, was beaten bloody on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Ala. a seminal moment in the civil rights movement. Mr. Booker, the former mayor of Newark, may lack the historical gravitas of Mr. Lewis, but he may hold more weight for one reason: He will be testifying against a fellow senator. He is believed to be the first sitting senator set to testify against a fellow sitting senator  —   ever. In a large show of military opposition to reinstating torture, 176 retired officers  —   including 33   generals and admirals  —   have sent a joint letter to Mr. Trump urging him not to follow through on his campaign vows to bring back waterboarding “and a hell of a lot worse. ” The letter, obtained by The New York Times, was dated Jan. 6 and signed by some of the most prominent military figures of the recent era. They included two former Afghanistan war commanders, Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal and Gen. John R. Allen, and the Special Operations commander who oversaw the raid that killed Osama bin Laden, Adm. William H. McRaven. Citing their “six thousand years of combined experience” in commanding troops, the retired officers expressed concern “about statements made during the campaign about the use of torture or cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment of detainees in U. S. custody,” and they noted that waterboarding and other “enhanced interrogation techniques” are illegal under domestic and international law. The officers also called torture both “unnecessary” and “counterproductive,” adding that it “violates our core values as a nation. ” “Our greatest strength is our commitment to the rule of law and to the principles embedded in our Constitution,” the letter continued. “Our servicemen and women need to know that our leaders do not condone torture or detainee abuse of any kind. ” During the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump said he would bring back waterboarding and more for the interrogation of terrorism suspects  —   contending that “torture works,” and even “if it doesn’t work, they deserve it anyway. ” The letter makes clear that Mr. Mattis, Mr. Trump’s pick for defense secretary, is not alone in recoiling against torture. Those signing also included a former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Hugh H. Shelton a former commander of the Central Command, Gen. Joseph Hoar and four former commanders of the Southern Command: Gen. Douglas Fraser, Gen. James T. Hill, Gen. Barry R. McCaffrey and Adm. James G. Stavridis, who went on to be the NATO supreme allied commander. The list also included two former directors of the National Security Agency, Gen. Keith Alexander and Adm. Bobby Ray Inman a commandant of the Marine Corps, Gen. Charles C. Krulak and chiefs of staff of the Army and the Air Force, Gen. Dennis J. Reimer and Gen. Merrill A. McPeak. In public, President Obama and his top officials have been careful to keep the smiles pasted on their faces when it comes to their successors, but Michael Froman, Mr. Obama’s United States trade representative, will let the smile slip this morning in a speech billed as a “farewell address. ” In prepared remarks, Mr. Froman does not mention Mr. Trump by name, but he leaves little doubt that he disdains the incoming president’s views on trade, particularly Mr. Trump’s opposition to a proposed trade agreement among Pacific Rim nations that Mr. Froman labored on for years. “I can’t imagine why any president would want to abdicate our leadership in the   to be responsible for handing the keys of the castle to China, for driving our historic allies and China’s historic rivals into China’s arms,” Mr. Froman’s prepared text reads. Mr. Froman describes Mr. Trump’s opposition to the deal, the central achievement of Mr. Froman’s tenure as United States trade representative, as “the biggest gift any U. S. president could give China. ”"
212,17524,"Sessions, Trump, Dylann Roof: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times",New York Times,Karen Zraick and Lisa Iaboni,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. President Obama delivered a nostalgic but hopeful farewell address to the nation from a convention center in Chicago. He warned the nation not to shrink from the challenges of economic inequality, racial strife, political isolation and voter apathy. “If something needs fixing, lace up your shoes and do some organizing,” Mr. Obama, a   political organizer, told the cheering crowd. “If you’re disappointed by your elected officials, grab a clipboard, get some signatures, and run for office yourself. Show up. Dive in. Persevere. ” Here’s the full video and text. _____ 2. Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama,   Donald J. Trump’s pick for attorney general, received a surprisingly gentle welcome at the start of his Senate confirmation hearing. He appeared to assuage Democrats by saying that that waterboarding is “absolutely” illegal and that he did not support barring Muslims from the United States, and even the most liberal senators declined to vigorously confront him on allegations of racism from three decades ago. The whirlwind week of hearings continued with retired Gen. John F. Kelly, the Homeland Security nominee. Here’s the full schedule for the week. And late in the day came this news: The chiefs of America’s intelligence agencies last week gave Mr. Trump and Mr. Obama a summary of unsubstantiated reports that Russia had collected compromising and salacious personal information about Mr. Trump. The agencies are investigating, said two officials with knowledge of the matter. _____ 3. Dylann S. Roof, the white supremacist who expressed no remorse for killing nine people at a historically black church in Charleston, S. C. was sentenced to death. The jury returned its unanimous verdict after about three hours of deliberations in the penalty phase of the trial. Mr. Roof showed no emotion as the verdict was read. _____ 4. The Obama administration is making a   push for police overhauls in two of the nation’s most violent cities, where officers have been accused of routinely mistreating  . The results of the Justice Department’s sweeping investigation into police practices in Chicago are expected before Inauguration Day. Baltimore, above, is close to a deal that would require the police to make changes under court supervision. _____ 5. Fox News secretly settled sexual harassment accusations against Bill O’Reilly, the network’s top host, last summer. Juliet Huddy, a longtime   personality, said Mr. O’Reilly had tried to ruin her career after she rebuffed his advances. The settlement was described in a draft of a letter from Ms. Huddy’s lawyers to Fox News that was mailed anonymously to The Times and verified. _____ 6. Volkswagen is on the verge of admitting to criminal violations and paying $4. 3 billion to resolve a federal investigation into its cheating on emissions tests. The company will probably plead guilty to charges of customs fraud and violating the Clean Air Act, two people with knowledge of the discussions said. _____ 7. Protests broke out in Iran at the funeral of Ayatollah Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, a key figure in the country’s 1979 revolution who had come to be seen as the last establishment voice friendly to the opposition. Officials said 2. 5 million mourners attended. The live broadcast on state television tried to avoid protesters’ chants for a former presidential candidate under house arrest against Russia, Iran’s ally in the Syrian conflict and for the release of political prisoners. _____ 8. Clare Hollingworth, a British journalist who became the undisputed doyenne of war correspondents, died in Hong Kong at 105. She was on the   border in August 1939, just a week into her first job for a British newspaper, when she reported what was probably the greatest scoop of modern times: the start of World War II. She roamed the conflict zones of the world equipped with little more than a toothbrush, a typewriter and, if need be, a revolver. _____ 9. “They started coming in like the tide. ” That was an official at a refugee camp in Bangladesh, where Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar have fled by the thousands to escape a brutal counterinsurgency campaign. They say soldiers burned their villages, shot at random and systematically raped women and girls. _____ 10. Finally, a wealthy activist who bought a $2. 2 million West Village home a decade ago is giving it to the original Manhattanites: the Lenape Native American nation.   Goldwater Bourgeois, the son of the sculptor Louise Bourgeois, said he had always been troubled by the    legend that the Lenape sold Manhattan (the name is their word for “the land of many hills”) to Dutch settlers for the equivalent of $24 worth of goods. “Manhattan is a capitalist rock this is a quiet protest against that,” he said. “I’m giving it back to whom the land was stolen from, and that’s really a joyful event. ” _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com."
213,17525,"Your Morning Briefing: Rafsanjani, Donald Trump, Kabul - The New York Times",New York Times,Charles McDermid,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: • President Obama began his final major address in Chicago by thanking the American people. “You made me a better president,” he said, “and you made me a better man. ” The White House is offering a live stream of the president’s farewell address. And here is the latest on the transition, including the prospect today of Donald J. Trump’s first news conference since July. _____ • American intelligence agencies presented President Obama and   Trump with unsubstantiated reports that Russia had collected compromising and salacious information about Mr. Trump. The information is based on memos generated by political operatives who sought to derail Mr. Trump’s candidacy. _____ • The use of torture was a main theme on the first day of a whirlwind week of U. S. Senate hearings on Mr. Trump’s cabinet choices. In a joint letter, 176 retired officers urged Mr. Trump not to follow through on campaign vows to bring back torture. Hours later, his attorney general pick, Senator Jeff Sessions, above, distanced himself from Mr. Trump’s pledge to bar Muslims immigrants and investigate Hillary Clinton. _____ • “They started coming in like the tide. ” That was an official at a refugee camp near Bangladesh’s border with Myanmar, where displaced Rohingya Muslims have fled by the thousands to escape a military crackdown in northern Rakhine State. Those in the camp say soldiers burned their villages, shot at random and systematically raped women and girls. _____ • In Iran, the authorities ignored the opposition chants that erupted at the sprawling state funeral for Ayatollah Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, who died on Sunday. Mr. Rafsanjani, once a staunch conservative, had in recent years become a hero to Iran’s middle class. For many of those involved in the   Green Revolution, the antigovernment demonstrations in 2009, he was a lone establishment voice representing their beliefs. By official estimates, 2. 5 million people attended the funeral. _____ • Beijing has increasingly signaled that it wants to take on a leadership role in promoting the Paris agreement to curb greenhouse gas emissions. China can’t yet lead by example yet. It’s still the world’s biggest polluter. But a shift is evident: Witness the country’s plans to spend $360 billion on renewable energy sources. _____ • President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines has said he has the names of more than a million supposed drug dealers and corrupt lawmakers. He once promised to kill 100, 000 criminals in his first six months in office. Our reporter met with local officials and law enforcement officers to determine who lives and who dies in the leader’s drug war. “There is no certain or easy way to get off Duterte’s list,” he writes. _____ • President Xi Jinping will speak next week at the opening of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, as China looks to cement its role as a global economic leader. Mr. Xi will lead a group of Chinese executives that includes Jack Ma of Alibaba and Wang Jianlin, chairman of the Dalian Wanda Group. He will be the first Chinese head of state to address the annual meeting. • Alibaba is going brick and mortar. The Chinese   giant, which is seeking to acquire Intime Retail, has spent billions buying pieces of the very sector it disrupted. • Yahoo plans to rename itself Altaba if the $4. 8 billion sale of its internet business goes through. The name is a play on the single biggest asset that would remain of Yahoo: a 15 percent stake in Alibaba. • Fox News secretly settled sexual harassment accusations against Bill O’Reilly, the network’s top host, last summer. • Auto sales in India plunged in December, a casualty of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ban on large bank notes. • Most U. S. stocks were higher. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • In Afghanistan, dozens of people were killed and more than 80 wounded in an attack on Parliament claimed by the Taliban. [The New York Times] • Dylann Roof, the white supremacist who showed no remorse for killing nine people at a South Carolina church in 2015, was sentenced to death. [The New York Times] • China ordered all textbooks from elementary school to university to push back the start date of its war against the Japanese from 1937 to 1931, and to replace “  war of resistance” with “  war of resistance. ” [South China Morning Post] • Thailand’s cabinet is meeting to discuss emergency measures for the heaviest rainfall in 30 years. At least 21 people have died in severe flooding in the south. [The Nation] • The World Cup will grow to 48 teams from 32 in 2026, a welcome move for Asia and Africa inclusion. But some see a money grab by the   governing body, FIFA. [The New York Times] • Clare Hollingworth, a British war correspondent who broke the news of World War II and was one of the first Western journalists to report regularly from China, died in Hong Kong. She was 105. [The New York Times] (In this new section, we’ll help you start your day right.) • We’ve all thought about it: Can we train ourselves to need less sleep? Sadly, the answer is a resounding no. • Recipe of the day: Want to go meatless tonight? Try   tofu with wild mushrooms. • Concerns over crashing populations of bees, butterflies and other insects that promote plant growth are spreading around the world. United States officials made the   bumblebee the first pollinator to be added to the endangered species list. • And we review   writer Han Kang’s   new novel “Human Acts. ” Each chapter offers a piercing psychological portrait of a character affected by the 1980 Gwangju massacre in South Korea. Norway is trying to make audio history this week. The country is beginning an experiment to switch off its FM stations and replace them with digital radio. If the plan succeeds, it could be the beginning of a change in how we listen to radio around the globe. Switzerland, Britain and Denmark are considering the same move. Norway, where terrestrial radio remains quite popular, was among the first countries to adopt digital radio in the 1990s. The government’s current effort is aimed at improving audio quality. That was also a goal in the creation of FM radio, which offers staticless,   broadcasting. Edwin Armstrong, an American inventor, is credited with figuring out how to transmit sound by modulating the frequency of electromagnetic waves (FM) instead of their amplitude (AM). He later built his own FM station to prove its worth to skeptics, though his triumph was marred by legal battles over patents. The New York Times called Armstrong one of the “great inventive geniuses in electrical engineering” after his death in 1954. “He always preferred to be the master of his own laboratory. That he was. ” _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com."
214,17526,California Today: $8 Million in Tech Money for the Bay Area Arts - The New York Times,New York Times,Mike McPhate,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"Good morning.  (Want to get California Today by email? Here’s the  .) Let’s turn it over to Thomas Fuller, our San Francisco bureau chief, for today’s introduction. The titans of Silicon Valley like to claim that they’re inventing technology to change the world, and their philanthropic efforts often mirror those big global goals and dreams, with initiatives to end hunger and fight diseases. But the arts in San Francisco haven’t always felt their generosity. Even as total philanthropic spending in the Bay Area has more than doubled over the past decade to around $5 billion, according to the Foundation Center, it’s been difficult for some arts groups to find support with so many organizations competing for attention and funding. Last year, for example, with social inequality such a   issue, one heavyweight charitable organization, the James Irvine Foundation, chose to stop spending on the arts and switch all of its future giving toward addressing poverty. The move has important repercussions: In 2015 the Irvine Foundation gave $15. 45 million to the arts, more than a fifth of the foundation’s total grants. So on Tuesday culture fans were given a reason to cheer when the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation announced a plan to spend $8 million on performing arts projects in the Bay Area over the next five years. A panel of experts convened by the foundation will help select 50 works from artists in the Bay Area. The performances will include dance, theater, music and performance art. “There’s much more of a demand for arts than we can hope to fulfill,” said Larry Kramer, the president of the foundation, which gets its funding from the fortune made from one of the founders of   the pioneering computer company. “It’s hard to raise money for the arts,” said Ben Mangan, the executive director of the Center for Social Sector Leadership at the University of California, Berkeley’s Haas School of Business. “The arts don’t fall neatly into a category of a problem to solve. ” Giving money away is fraught with difficult choices, Mr. Kramer said. “The thing about philanthropy is that there are a million problems that are worth addressing and you can’t address all of them,” he said. (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.) • Another round of rain began rolling through Northern California after a powerful weekend storm. [San Francisco Chronicle] • Hundreds of homes along the overflowing Russian River in Sonoma County faced flooding Monday. [The Press Democrat] • The investor Thomas J. Barrack Jr. is among the most influential Californians in   Donald J. Trump’s inner circle. [Los Angeles Times] • A United States representative from San Diego yanked a controversial artwork from a Capitol wall. Now he’s being accused of theft. [San Diego  ] • San Diego’s ambitious public transit push is slipping further from reach. [KPBS] • “Near historic”: The   Nuna has built a   database of the nation’s 74 million Medicaid patients. [The New York Times] • Yahoo said it would rename itself “Altaba” after selling its internet business. Why Altaba? [The New York Times] • The average “ ” in San Francisco is now $920, 000. [SFGate. com] • “Diabolical scheme”: A Southern California woman was accused of framing her husband’s  . [Los Angeles Times] • The “Hollyweed” prankster surrendered to the police. He said the stunt was for the sake of “art. ” [Hollywood Reporter] • Nobody was quite expecting Meryl Streep to lay down the gauntlet for a new kind of culture war. [The New York Times] • West Hollywood’s historic Formosa Cafe closed. But preservation rules mean its exterior cannot be easily altered. [Curbed Los Angeles] • Photo: A dead whale washed up near the Oakland waterfront. [East Bay Times] Hundreds of outdoor walls across Sacramento serve as canvasses for colorful murals. To find them, people have had to rely largely on word of mouth or serendipity. But now, a richly detailed Google map has been published that includes not just their locations, but also images of the works and the names of the artists behind them. The project is the brainchild of Nathaniel Miller, an interactivity editor at The Sacramento Bee. In an interview, Mr. Miller said he used his free time outside of work to research the murals over much of 2016. He portrayed himself as an art novice who was simply in the mood for a project that he thought would be of use. The murals range from the handiwork of elementary school children to interpretations by established artists. All told, Mr. Miller cataloged 420 murals, but he expects that number to grow. Sacramento officials have been embracing public art as a way to enliven the city. During the Sacramento Mural Festival last August, artists were invited to bring blank walls to life at about a dozen places across the city center. Some of the works stretched several stories high. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley."
215,17527,Sentenced to Death: A Look at Dylann Roof’s Rampage and Its Aftermath - The New York Times,New York Times,Richard Pérez-Peña,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"Update: A federal jury has unanimously sentenced Dylann S. Roof to die. The white supremacist showed no remorse for killing nine members of a black church in South Carolina. Read more » • Mr. Roof, a white supremacist with no known ties to any organized group, was convicted of the   assault on Dec. 15 by the same federal jury. • Mr. Roof’s guilt was never in question in the trial, and the jury deliberated for about three hours before assessing the death penalty. • Judge Richard M. Gergel has scheduled a formal sentencing hearing for Wednesday at 9:30 a. m. “We want to express our sympathy to all of the families who were so grievously hurt by Dylann Roof’s actions. Today’s sentencing decision means that this case will not be over for a very long time. We are sorry that, despite our best efforts, the legal proceedings have shed so little light on the reasons for this tragedy. ” “We are Dylann Roof’s family. We will always love Dylann. We will struggle as long as we live to understand why he committed this horrible attack, which caused so much pain to so many good people. We wish to express the grief we feel for the victims of his crimes, and our sympathy to the many families he has hurt. We continue to pray for the Emanuel A. M. E. families and the Charleston community. ” “No verdict can bring back the nine we lost that day at Mother Emanuel. And no verdict can heal the wounds of the five church members who survived the attack or the souls of those who lost loved ones to Roof’s callous hand. But we hope that the completion of the prosecution provides the people of Charleston  —   and the people of our nation  —   with a measure of closure. ” On the evening of Wednesday, June 17, 2015, Mr. Roof, a    white man, walked into the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, S. C. and asked for the pastor, the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney. Mr. Roof was directed to a Bible study session, where he sat down next to the pastor, and for nearly an hour, listened and took part in the discussion. Mr. Roof then pulled out a .  Glock semiautomatic pistol, loaded with   bullets, and according to witnesses, told the minister and parishioners, “You are raping our women and taking over our country. ” He shot and killed nine people, including Mr. Pinckney, before fleeing the church. He shot each victim multiple times, reloading his gun several times. Mr. Roof told investigators and friends that he had hoped to start a race war. He complained of what he saw as black corruption and takeover of the United States and what he said was an epidemic of    crime. He owned a website that included an essay on his belief in the danger and inferiority of blacks and the value of segregation. In the essay, Mr. Roof, a   dropout with few friends and no steady work, also gave his reasons for the attack: “We have no skinheads, no real KKK, no one doing anything but talking on the internet. Well someone has to have the bravery to take it to the real world, and I guess that has to be me. ” The gunman could not have chosen a target more laden with symbolism about the nation’s tortured racial history, and he apparently knew it, singling out the church for that reason. Emanuel A. M. E. lies in the historic heart of Charleston, the capital of the slave trade in the United States, the cradle of the Confederacy and the place where the first shots of the Civil War were fired. The church, known as Mother Emanuel, occupies a place of pride in southern black history it is one of the oldest black congregations in the South, dating back two centuries. Many people were shaken because the shooting happened in a place of sanctuary and because of who the victims were: nine people who were described as gentle and deeply religious. Three of them were over age 70, and four were pastors. At Mr. Roof’s first court appearance a few days later, victims’ family members stunned and moved millions of Americans by speaking of forgiveness and redemption, rather than anger and vengeance. Black churches have been frequent targets of racist attacks for generations, and for people old enough to remember, the shooting carried reminders of the 1963 church bombing in Birmingham, Ala. that killed four black girls. One of the Charleston dead, Mr. Pinckney, 41, was also a Democratic state senator and a leader of South Carolina’s black community whose warmth won him friends even among political adversaries. At his funeral, President Obama gave the eulogy, an impassioned plea to recognize and oppose prejudice, saying, “For too long, we’ve been blind to the way past injustices continue to shape the present. ” After decades of debate, a Confederate battle flag was removed from the grounds of South Carolina’s state Capitol with remarkable swiftness, lowered for good less than a month after the shooting, following an emotional debate in the Legislature. In previous fights over the flag, white conservatives defended it staunchly, but this time, conservative Republicans like Gov. Nikki Haley, Senator Lindsey Graham and State Senator Paul Thurmond  —   son of the United States senator and onetime segregationist champion Strom Thurmond  —   publicly opposed the flag, sealing its fate. But calls for stricter gun controls, including tighter background checks for buying weapons, fell flat. Under federal law, Mr. Roof’s record of drug abuse might have barred him from buying the gun he used, but the balky background check system failed to produce the needed information within three days, so he was able to go ahead with the purchase. Mr. Roof confessed to investigators soon after he was arrested, and more recently, he offered to plead guilty in return for a sentence of life in prison. But federal prosecutors decided to go to trial and seek the death penalty. At his trial last month, his lawyers conceded that he had committed the attack. A jury found him guilty of all 33 counts against him, including hate crimes resulting in death. The case then moved to the penalty phase, to determine whether Mr. Roof should be executed. (If he had not been sentenced to die, he could have still faced capital punishment in state court.) Acting as his own lawyer in the penalty phase, Mr. Roof declined to present any defense, and he refused any argument or evidence suggesting mental illness. In a journal he kept before the shooting, he had written: “I am morally opposed to psychology. It is a Jewish invention. ” The vast majority of capital sentences and executions stem from state courts, not federal. Of about 2, 900 people on death rows in the United States, just 68 face sentences meted out by federal courts, including six by military courts. The federal inmates under death sentences include Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, one of the brothers who carried out the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013 and Nidal Hasan, who committed the Fort Hood shooting in 2009. When Timothy McVeigh, the Oklahoma City bomber, was executed in 2001, he was the first federal inmate put to death in 38 years. There have been just two federal executions since then  —   in 2001 and 2003. It would be hard to find another crime where the toll was as high, the victims were as sympathetic, the premeditation was as evident and the defendant’s guilt was as  . But Mr. Roof’s case has prompted a   debate over whether he should be put to death. Some commentators and editorial boards have argued that a crime of this magnitude cries out for execution. Even some with doubts about how the death penalty is used say that if capital punishment is to continue, Mr. Roof warrants it. Death penalty opponents agree that if any defendant deserves the ultimate punishment, it is Mr. Roof, but they insist that the case against capital punishment should still outweigh the anger and revulsion over any particular case. They argue that its use has been wildly inconsistent and even arbitrary, and exonerations of convicted inmates show that the risk of putting an innocent person to death is high. A twist in this case is that a common argument against the death penalty is that it is more likely to be used when the victims are white and the accused are black  —   the reverse of the circumstances in the Charleston shooting. Another is that even some family members of those who were murdered have spoken out against executing Mr. Roof. Much less common than it used to be. States carried out 20 executions last year, the lowest figure in 25 years. Courts handed down just 30 new death sentences, down from more than 300 in 1996, the lowest figure since the early 1970s."
216,17528,"Fox News Settled Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Bill O’Reilly, Documents Show - The New York Times",New York Times,Emily Steel and Michael S. Schmidt,2017-01-23,2017.0,1.0,,"In the weeks after Roger Ailes was ousted as the chairman of Fox News in July amid a sexual harassment scandal, company executives secretly struck an agreement with a longtime broadcast personality who had come forward with similar accusations about the network’s top host, Bill O’Reilly. The employee, Juliet Huddy, had said that Mr. O’Reilly pursued a sexual relationship with her in 2011, at a time he exerted significant influence over her career. When she rebuffed his advances, he tried to derail her career, according to a draft of a letter from her lawyers to Fox News that was obtained by The New York Times. The letter includes allegations that Mr. O’Reilly had called Ms. Huddy repeatedly and that it sometimes sounded as if he was masturbating. He invited her to his house on Long Island, tried to kiss her, took her to dinner and the theater, and after asking her to return a key to his hotel room, appeared at the door in his boxer shorts, according to the letter. In exchange for her silence and agreement not to sue, she was paid a sum in the high six figures, according to people briefed on the agreement. The agreement was between Ms. Huddy, 47, and 21st Century Fox, the parent company of Fox News. The company and Mr. O’Reilly’s lawyer said her allegations were false. In the aftermath of Mr. Ailes’s departure, executives declared that such behavior would never again be tolerated. Mr. O’Reilly, 67, has continued to host his show on weekdays at 8 p. m. and has published two more books. Details about the allegations and the agreement between Ms. Huddy and 21st Century Fox are based on interviews with current and former Fox News employees, the letter written by her lawyers to the company, and three pages from the draft of the settlement agreement. The letter was mailed anonymously in December to reporters for The Times its authenticity was verified by several people who have been briefed on it. A person close to Ms. Huddy told The Times that she shared accounts of Mr. O’Reilly’s unwanted advances at the time they occurred. Lawnewz. com first reported the existence of the agreement Monday afternoon. In the letter, lawyers for Ms. Huddy also said that a longtime Fox executive, Jack Abernethy, had retaliated against her professionally after she made clear that she was not interested in a personal relationship. Representatives for Fox News and Mr. O’Reilly dismissed the allegations Monday night. “The letter contains substantial falsehoods, which both men have vehemently denied,” Irena Briganti, a spokeswoman for Fox News, said in a statement. Speaking for Mr. O’Reilly, Fredric S. Newman, his lawyer, said, “There is absolutely no basis for any claim of sexual harassment against Bill O’Reilly by Juliet Huddy. ” Jeanne M. Christensen, a lawyer for Ms. Huddy at Wigdor L. L. P. declined to comment. Ms. Huddy made her allegations known to Fox News in the letter her lawyers sent to the network in August. The settlement was reached on Sept. 5, at a time when the company was completing other agreements, including one with Gretchen Carlson, the former anchor whose sexual harassment suit forced the departure of Mr. Ailes. (Mr. Ailes has denied allegations of sexual harassment.) The company has not reached an agreement with Andrea Tantaros, another TV personality who raised similar complaints about network executives. About a month before Mr. Ailes resigned, Fox News offered Ms. Tantaros nearly $1 million for her silence and a promise not to sue the network, its executives or its employees, including Mr. O’Reilly, according to a draft of a proposed agreement. Ms. Tantaros rejected the offer and filed suit against the company in August. Mr. O’Reilly has a towering presence at Fox News. He was close to Mr. Ailes, and his show generated about $180 million in advertising in 2015, according to Kantar Media, an   firm. He was also viewed by   employees and program hosts as an influential figure in the newsroom he was the gatekeeper to time on his show, and his support could be crucial to advancement. But Mr. O’Reilly had run into problems before. In 2004, a producer on his show, Andrea Mackris, sued him, asserting that he had made unwanted sexual advances and lewd comments in a series of phone calls and dinner conversations. According to the suit, Mr. O’Reilly told her on multiple occasions to buy a vibrator, called her when it sounded as if he was masturbating, and described various sexual fantasies. After two weeks of sensational headlines in New York’s tabloid newspapers, Mr. O’Reilly settled for millions of dollars, according to people briefed on the agreement. Both sides said that no wrongdoing had occurred. According to the letter in Ms. Huddy’s case, her lawyers said that Mr. O’Reilly began sexually harassing her in 2011. She started her career at Fox News in 1998 as a reporter based in Miami and went on to be a host of a syndicated morning show in New York that was canceled in 2009. In the months afterward, Ms. Huddy tried to find a landing place at the network and appeared as a guest on Mr. O’Reilly’s show. Ms. Huddy’s father, John Huddy Sr. who was a confidant of Mr. Ailes and a consultant to Fox News, left the network in July. Her brother, John Huddy Jr. continues to work there as a correspondent based in Jerusalem. In January 2011, Mr. O’Reilly invited Ms. Huddy to lunch near his   home in Manhasset on Long Island, according to the letter. After lunch, he drove her back to his home, where he showed her every room, including his bedroom, and his collection of presidential memorabilia. “To shock and disgust, as Ms. Huddy was saying goodbye to Mr. O’Reilly, he quickly moved in and kissed her on the lips,” the letter said. “Ms. Huddy was so taken aback and repulsed that she instinctively recoiled and actually fell to the ground. Mr. O’Reilly, looking amused, did not even help Ms. Huddy up. ” The next week, Mr. O’Reilly asked her to join him for dinner at the Harvard Club, followed by a Broadway show, according to the letter and to current and former Fox News employees. Ms. Huddy was not interested in having a romantic relationship with Mr. O’Reilly but, the letter said, “she felt compelled to comply with Mr. O’Reilly’s request, given that he had total control over her work assignment. ” During the Broadway show, according to the letter, Mr. O’Reilly moved close to Ms. Huddy in a way that made her feel uncomfortable. He tried to hold her hand, but she pulled it away. Then he dropped a key to the room at a Midtown Manhattan hotel he was staying at into her lap, and told her to meet him there after the show. He stood up and left, the letter said. Ms. Huddy went to the hotel to return Mr. O’Reilly’s key, according to the letter. She asked him to meet her in the lobby, but he refused and asked her to join him in his room. “Ms. Huddy declined and explained that she was not interested in Mr. O’Reilly on a personal or sexual level,” the letter said. Mr. O’Reilly persisted and again asked that Ms. Huddy come up to his room, and she ultimately went up to give him the key, according to the letter. When Mr. O’Reilly opened the door to his room, he was wearing only boxer shorts, according to the letter. Ms. Huddy was “very embarrassed, handed Mr. O’Reilly his key and quickly left,” the letter said. In the months after Mr. O’Reilly and Ms. Huddy went to the show in Manhattan, his “obsession with her only escalated,” the letter said. Mr. O’Reilly started calling Ms. Huddy at all hours, even while he was on vacation. At times, the calls were about work, but they were sometimes “highly inappropriate and sexual,” the letter said. On some occasions, it sounded as if Mr. O’Reilly was masturbating, the letter said. “Disgusted, Ms. Huddy came up with an excuse and hung up the phone,” the letter said. As Mr. O’Reilly’s pursuit continued, Ms. Huddy answered and returned fewer of his calls. “Ms. Huddy’s rejection of Mr. O’Reilly apparently did not sit well with him, as he began to retaliate against her both on and off air,” the letter said. Mr. O’Reilly “nitpicked her work” and would “berate Ms. Huddy for minor mistakes,” according to the letter. Mr. O’Reilly stopped preparing her for segments and would surprise her with story angles that they had not discussed. In 2013, Ms. Huddy was replaced on one segment of his show. Another segment that she was featured in, called “Mad as Hell,” was canceled. She did not complain, fearing retaliation, she told current and former Fox News employees at the time. The letter also included a series of accusations by Ms. Huddy against Mr. Abernethy, including that he started “trashing her” after she rejected his attempts to pursue a personal relationship. Mr. Abernethy signed a new multiyear contract with Fox News in September, after having been named a president of the network in August. At the time, the company was aware of the allegations against Mr. Abernethy, which it has said are false. As part of Ms. Huddy’s confidential agreement with 21st Century Fox, she agreed not to “disparage, malign or defame” the parties the company, on its behalf and on the behalf of Mr. O’Reilly and Mr. Abernethy, agreed not to “disparage, malign or defame” Ms. Huddy. The consequences for breaking confidentiality are severe, costing either side $500, 000 per infringement, according to the document. Ms. Huddy is also liable if her lawyers or a person close to her discloses the terms of the agreement. On Sept. 7, Ms. Huddy, who had hosted “Good Day Early Call” on WNYW, a Fox affiliate, went on the station and gave a tearful goodbye. “Thank you to everyone who has made the last 20 years the most challenging but best of my life,” she said. “Perhaps someday, even someday soon, you’ll see me on television again. ”"
217,17530,The Art of Flavor at Flora Bar in the Met Breuer - The New York Times,New York Times,Pete Wells,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"I’m on the verge of giving up trying to explain why Ignacio Mattos’s food is so good. I once wrote that the cooking at his first restaurant, now closed, dabbled in “deep, surrealist weirdness. ” At Estela, the place on Houston Street that put him on the map, I described his food as “almost familiar, but not quite. ” What struck me at his most recent restaurant, Café Altro Paradiso, was “the inverse relationship between prettiness and deliciousness. ” (What I ate was unpretty and highly delicious.) In retrospect, nothing I wrote captured the qualities that made the food compelling. I latched on to visual style because I couldn’t figure out how to explain why the flavors grabbed me the way they did. After spending some time at Flora Bar, which Mr. Mattos opened in October, I’ve started to think that whatever it is that sets his food apart is something you can’t see. It’s a kind of cooking that’s almost invisible. Flora Bar is inside the Met Breuer museum, Marcel Breuer’s blunt and muscular stack of granite and concrete on Madison Avenue in the 70s, regarded as a masterpiece of the brutalist style. “The taste for its disconcertingly   inverted pyramidal mass grows on one slowly,” the architecture critic for The New York Times, Ada Louise Huxtable, wrote in 1966, “like a taste for olives or warm beer. ” The food at Flora Bar is much easier to like than warm beer. Under the direction of Jake Nemmers, the executive chef, it comes out of the kitchen in a series of tidily formal circles and squares. The rough edges of the cooking at Altro Paradiso and Estela have been refined, which makes it even more astonishing when the flavors come at you out of nowhere. A simple red disc on a white plate, Flora Bar’s tuna tartare isn’t like any I’ve had before it pops with toasted flax seeds and crunches with fried shallots, neither of which hides the clean, cold taste of chopped yellowfin tuna. Flora Bar does not quite reinvent tuna tartare the way Estela reinvents beef tartare, but it comes closer than you’d think was possible. Steak comes with béarnaise and beet hunks. The beets look a little wrinkled, like prunes, and have an uncannily focused flavor. The béarnaise is silky and light on the herbs. The steak looks like steak, sliced. It is tender, and the flavor goes on and on as you chew, yet it doesn’t have the   stink of   beef. Something must have happened to make it so extraordinary, but the answer is not visible. (The beef has been given, among other treatments, a surreptitious marination in fish sauce.) How can a shrimp cocktail hold any surprises? Well, there’s the price, $29, which may be a record. But then there’s the astonishingly fine flavor and texture of the blue shrimp themselves, glossy and appealingly slippery on a bed of ice pebbles. They’re terrific, and so is their dark, uncloying cocktail sauce. Note the name. Flora Bar is, when you get down to it, less a restaurant than a wine bar. The plates are almost all small even the steak, which could pass as a main course, is a far cry from a steakhouse portion. Flora Bar is not trying to be a utilitarian cafe for museum patrons who knocked themselves out taking in Kerry James Marshall’s show upstairs and now want a cheap, filling meal. That job goes to Flora Coffee next door, where you can get sandwiches and pastries during the day. The wine list at Flora Bar is about as exhaustive as any artist’s career retrospective. It contains multitudes, and in three visits, I barely scratched the surface. And I left the shelves and shelves of tempting, knowledgeably chosen spirits mostly untouched, apart from the slug of gin that went into my very soothing Tuxedo No. 2 cocktail. As wine bars go, it’s somewhat stiff. The service can be punctilious in a way that I imagine is meant to appeal to the Upper East Sider, but fans of Estela (and there are many Upper East Siders in that group) may find it slightly  . Or Mr. Mattos and his business partner, Thomas Carter, may just be trying to live up to the space. It’s an exceptionally dramatic one, with marble surfaces and banquettes of dark leather and windows the size of billboards that look out on Breuer’s bridge across the moat below Madison Avenue. A sculpture garden when this building still housed the Whitney Museum of American Art, the moat is now an outdoor extension for Flora Bar. I miss the art, but the tables look inviting enough to make me come back when the weather warms up. The menu is part tapas, part sashimi and part something else. On the tapas side, we have wonderfully crunchy croquetas with a soft core of warm raclette, pink shavings of jamón Ibérico, and a plate of anchovies, three cured in oil and three in brine. The quality is impeccable if you can get over paying $18 for six anchovies. I couldn’t. Representing sashimi, there is shimmering raw seafood, some of it on or under squares of nori. You’re meant to treat the nori like a tortilla. A month ago, the filling in this taco was raw scallops and a salty streak of plum paste, and I was quietly happy. When I went back, the nori covered sticky raw red shrimp and sea urchin, and I went completely giddy. It took me a minute to warm up to another raw dish, the lobster crudo. Raw lobster is not something you naturally want to cuddle up with. Here it is chopped with shiso and molded into a disc, ready to be swabbed in a   mayonnaise. It’s refined and almost comforting. As for something else, you tell me how to characterize raclette and golden slices of rutabaga over a thin, buttery tart shell, or an omelet that is in fact cooked in a thin disc, inverted on to the plate   down, and then topped with spoonfuls of hackleback caviar, firm trout roe and crème fraîche. There’s a fine line between simple and dull, and one or two dishes fell on the wrong side. Stracciatella with lemon peel and cubes of fennel struck me as an ordinary burrata salad traveling under an alias. Halibut with wild mushrooms was no more than the sum of its parts, although they were very good parts. Natasha Pickowicz’s desserts sound safe but can be daring. Mandarin sorbet in a kind of cradle made of coconut was served with a yuzu sauce so sour it made me sit up straight. After the initial shock, I loved it. If I’d expected the parfait of chocolate and amarena cherries to be a layered dessert served in a tall glass, like other parfaits, I was wrong. This was   chocolate, as dense as ganache, and served in the shape of, you guessed it, a disc."
218,17531,Bombings Near Afghanistan’s Parliament Kill Dozens on Day of Assaults - The New York Times,New York Times,Mujib Mashal and Taimoor Shah,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"KABUL, Afghanistan  —   A double bombing by the Taliban near the Afghan Parliament office compound in Kabul on Tuesday killed dozens of people during the   rush hour, officials said. The assault in the Afghan capital was the deadliest of several   attacks on Tuesday, including an explosion at a government guesthouse in the southern province of Kandahar that wounded the provincial governor and the visiting ambassador of the United Arab Emirates. Wahidullah Majrooh, a spokesman for the Afghan Health Ministry, said 80 injured people and 30 bodies were taken to Kabul hospitals. Many officials feared that the number of casualties would rise. The Taliban issued a statement claiming responsibility for the Parliament bombings. One witness who was inside the compound said the attack started when a suicide bomber detonated explosives nearby. Then, as security forces gathered in the area a few minutes later, a car bomb detonated on the busy road that passes in front of the compound, the witness said. He spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to talk to reporters. An Afghan lawmaker, Kamal Safi, said meetings were underway in the compound when the attack took place, including one about the national budget. “The explosions took place exactly at the time when government employees were going home, so it was a rush hour,” Mr. Safi said. “More than a thousand people are working there, so I know the number of casualties are very high. ” An officer named Mirwais who was among those providing security for the Parliament building said most of the casualties came from a public bus that was passing by the compound when the car bomb exploded. “It was 4 p. m. and the workers were leaving  —   they either had private cars or were walking out to the main road for public transport,” Mr. Mirwais said. “The second attack happened on the main road by the gate, and that caused a lot of casualties. ” Violent attacks in Afghanistan have not subsided this year despite the harsh winter, with Taliban assaults reported on a daily basis across several provinces in the north and the south. The deteriorating situation in the south, in particular, prompted the dispatch of about 200 NATO military advisers to Farah Province. And in Helmand Province, where American and British troops struggled for years to loosen the Taliban’s grip at the height of the war, 300 United States Marines will return to help hold the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah, against the insurgents. The attacks in Kabul came hours after a Taliban bomber targeted a meeting of militia commanders in Lashkar Gah, killing seven to 11 people, according to various Afghan officials. The target of that attack revealed the chaotic reality of the province that has been slipping from the hands of the Afghan government: The bombing hit the house of Hajji Khudaidad, a Taliban commander who had recently switched sides to lead a clandestine government force, essentially a duplicate Taliban, to infiltrate insurgency lines, Afghan officials said. Col. Gulai Khan, the security chief of the province, said a meeting was underway at Mr. Khudaidad’s house in the city’s Second Precinct when the attack happened. “The suicide bomber parked his vehicle laden with explosive nearby the house and walked to the house, where he shot the watchman who was on duty, and later he blew up his explosives inside,” Colonel Khan said. He said that seven people were killed and three were wounded, and that a bomb squad was trying to clear the vehicle. Other accounts suggested the attacker might have thrown grenades inside and managed to flee before he was tracked down by the police. Abdul Karim Attal, head of the Helmand provincial council, however, put the number of dead at 11. Among the wounded, officials said, were Mr. Khudaidad and Mullah Ibrahim, a senior commander of a Taliban breakaway faction that is believed to have close ties with the government. Many officials in Helmand said the effort to create the militia was being led by Abdul Jabar Qahraman, President Ashraf Ghani’s special envoy to the province, who used similar militia tactics in the 1980s on behalf of the collapsing communist government at the time. Mr. Qahraman, in an interview, admitted that he was behind creating such a “secret force” but denied that the group targeted today was part of it. It amounts to a desperate attempt to break some of the Taliban’s momentum  —   the insurgents largely control six districts of the province, the government controls two, and another six are contested, according to Bashir Ahmad Shakir, the head of the security committee at the Helmand provincial council. Details about the attack at the governor’s guesthouse in Kandahar remained scant. Officials said the governor, Humayoon Azizi, was meeting with the visiting ambassador of United Arab Emirates for an evening reception when explosions went off. Gen. Abdul Raziq, the police chief of Kandahar Province, said bombs had been placed in couches in the governor’s house. “Eleven people have been killed and around 12 have been injured, including the governor and the U. A. E. ambassador, but their conditions are not ” General Raziq said. “The bodies of the dead are badly burned and beyond recognition. ”"
219,17532,A Gut Makeover for the New Year - The New York Times,New York Times,Roni Caryn Rabin,2017-01-03,2017.0,1.0,,"If you’re making resolutions for a healthier new year, consider a gut makeover. Refashioning the community of bacteria and other microbes living in your intestinal tract, collectively known as the gut microbiome, could be a good   investment in your health. Trillions of microbial cells inhabit the human body, outnumbering human cells by 10 to one according to some estimates, and growing evidence suggests that the rich array of intestinal microbiota helps us process nutrients in the foods we eat, bolsters the immune system and does all sorts of odd jobs that promote sound health. A diminished microbial ecosystem, on the other hand, is believed to have consequences that extend far beyond the intestinal tract, affecting everything from allergies and inflammation, metabolic diseases like diabetes and obesity, even mental health conditions like depression and anxiety. Much of the composition of the microbiome is established early in life, shaped by forces like your genetics and whether you were   or  . Microbial diversity may be further undermined by the typical   American diet, rich in sugar, meats and processed foods. But a new study in mice and people adds to evidence that suggests you can take steps to enrich your gut microbiota. Changing your diet to one containing a variety of   foods, the new research suggests, may be crucial to achieving a healthier microbiome. Altering your microbiome, however, may not be easy, and nobody knows how long it might take. That’s because the ecosystem already established in your gut determines how it absorbs and processes nutrients. So if the microbial community in your gut has been shaped by a daily diet of cheeseburgers and pepperoni pizza, for example, it won’t respond as quickly to a healthy diet as a gut shaped by vegetables and fruits that has more varied microbiota to begin with. “The nutritional value of food is influenced in part by the microbial community that encounters that food,” said Dr. Jeffrey Gordon, the senior author of the new paper and director of the Center for Genome Science and Systems Biology at the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis. Nutritional components of a healthy diet have to be viewed from “the inside out,” he said, “not just the outside in. ” One of the questions the study set out to answer was how individuals with different diets respond when they try to improve their eating habits. The scientists harvested gut bacteria from humans, transplanted them into mice bred under sterile conditions, and then fed the mice either   or   diets. The scientists then analyzed changes in the mice’s microbial communities. Of interest, the scientists harvested the gut bacteria from people who followed sharply different diets. One group ate a fairly typical American diet, consuming about 3, 000 calories a day, high in animal proteins with few fruits and vegetables. Some of their favorite foods were processed cheese, pepperoni and lunch meats. The other group consisted of people who were devotees of calorie restriction. They ate less than 1, 800 calories a day and had meticulously tracked what they ate for at least two years, sticking to a mostly   diet and consuming far less animal protein than the other group, a third fewer carbohydrates and only half the fat. This   group, the researchers found, had a far richer and more diverse microbial community in the gut than those eating a typical American diet. They also carried several strains of “good” bacteria, known to promote health, that are unique to their   diet. “Their choices as adults dramatically influenced their gut community,” said Nicholas W. Griffin of Washington University, the paper’s lead author. The study, published in Cell Host  Microbe, is not the first to report findings suggesting dietary shifts can induce persistent changes in a gut microbial community, said Dr. David A. Relman, a professor of medicine, microbiology and immunology at Stanford University, who was not involved in the current research. He noted that other studies had found even more profound effects. After the human microbiota was transplanted into the mice, the mice got to eat either like typical Americans or like the calorie restrictors. Mice that had a microbiota conditioned by the typical American diet had a weaker response to the   diet. Their microbial communities didn’t increase and diversify as much. “They all responded in a predictable direction, but with not as great a magnitude,” said Dr. Griffin. Another aspect of the study suggests the company you keep may also enrich your gut microbiota  —   at least in mice. At first the animals were kept in separate cages. Then, when they were housed together, the microbes from the communities conditioned by plant diets made their way into the   microbiome. It’s not clear how that translates to humans: Mice eat one another’s droppings when they live together, so they easily share the bacterial wealth. Still, it’s possible humans have other ways of sharing bacteria, Dr. Griffin said. “We know from previous work and other studies that spouses who live together will develop microbial communities that are similar to each other,” he said. Perhaps the best way to cultivate a healthier microbiome is to eat more fiber by consuming more fruit, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, and nuts or seeds, said Meghan Jardine, a registered dietitian who was not involved in the current study but has published articles on promoting a healthy microbiota. (She is also affiliated with the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine, which recommends a   diet.) She urges people to aim for 40 to 50 grams of fiber daily, well above levels recommended by most dietary guidelines. “When you look at populations that eat real food that’s high in fiber, and more   foods, you’re going to see they have a more robust microbiota, with more genetic diversity, healthier species and fewer pathogenic bacteria living in the gut,” she said."
220,17533,"For Many on Chicago’s South Side, Obama’s Farewell Will Be Personal - The New York Times",New York Times,Monica Davey,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"CHICAGO  —   If the metal barricades, “Do Not Enter” signs and lurking Secret Service agents were a bother the past eight years in the Hyde   area  —   the South Side neighborhood where President Obama still owns a house, but rarely has been home  —   residents are not complaining. “All that’s been fine, really. You get used to it,” said Adela Cepeda, who like many people on Mr. Obama’s block of Greenwood Avenue met him before he was president, or a senator, or elected to anything at all. “To me, it’s just too bad his time will be over. This has been fabulous for Chicago in a certain way. I think that all things being equal, we came first. But I guess all good things must end. ” As Mr. Obama prepared to give his farewell address on Tuesday from McCormick Place, the cavernous convention center beside Lake Michigan, people in his hometown sounded by turns possessive, proud, anxious and wistful. With his election in 2008, this city  —   and its heavily   South Side in particular  —   had suddenly been thrust to the forefront of the national political conversation. And so early Saturday, in temperatures barely above zero, thousands waited outside for the chance to receive free tickets to witness the end of that story. By Sunday, tickets were being hawked online for as much as $5, 000. Near the Obamas’ red brick Georgian, not far from the University of Chicago, some wondered gloomily whether his legacy might now be erased by his successor, Donald J. Trump, who received just 12 percent of the vote in Chicago and only   slivers in the wards near Mr. Obama’s house. Would Chicago’s spin in the spotlight, complicated as it had been at times, be over now, too? “I guess I feel sad,” said Antonio Coye, a barber at the Hyde Park Hair Salon, where the plain black chair Mr. Obama used to sit in for his trims is now preserved under glass. Not long ago, a crew of   bicyclists peered at the chair from the foyer of the small shop, where a line of men forms on Saturdays and “the Obama cut,” a   taper on the side and the back for $24, remains popular. “This was really something unique that happened,” Mr. Coye said as he worked on a customer with a razor over the weekend. “It was the first time somebody really different became president, and he did a really good job. To me, the person in office after him is going to make his time in office stand out even more than it did already. ”   tour buses, once an oddity, cruise down Hyde Park Boulevard with some frequency now. People can occasionally be seen pulling over with cameras outside a nondescript shopping center along 53rd Street, where an    plaque notes the Obamas’ first date, during which Barack Obama bought Michelle Robinson ice cream from a   shop that has since become a Subway. For a place that has not forgotten being called the Second City by a New Yorker writer long ago, Chicago had watched its standing, in the eyes of the coasts, rise along with Mr. Obama’s. Chicagoans were entrusted with important posts in Washington, and many of them, along with the first family, had roots on the South Side, rather than on the richer and whiter North Side. At points during the   term, Chicago voices seemed to be everywhere. Both Valerie Jarrett and David Axelrod, who is now back in Hyde Park at the Institute of Politics at the University of Chicago, were senior advisers. Chicago cabinet members included Arne Duncan (education) and Penny Pritzker (commerce). Austan Goolsbee, another Hyde Parker, was an economic adviser, and Desirée Rogers was an early White House social secretary. And Mr. Obama’s   chiefs of staff included William M. Daley, the brother of Chicago’s former mayor, and Rahm Emanuel, who was later elected mayor. But it is not just the shutting of that pipeline that causes concern. In Mr. Obama’s old neighborhood, the notion that Mr. Trump was soon to step in left some speaking of the president’s farewell speech in terms more akin to a funeral than a celebration. Many recalled watching an ebullient   evening here in 2012, when President Obama appeared at McCormick Place  —   a bookend, it now seems, to Tuesday night. Others recounted how they had felt as they watched his 2008 victory from Grant Park, the city’s downtown front yard along the lake, where he addressed thousands with the gleaming Chicago skyline as a backdrop. “It was a magical moment  —   such a positive buzz all around,” said Kevin Elliott, a manager at 57th Street Books, an underground maze where Mr. Obama had held book signings and often visited before his election. Even here, though, a few have questioned whether Mr. Obama did as much as he could during his time in office to solve urban problems of gang violence, joblessness and segregation. In Chicago, violence cascaded last year: More people, 762, were murdered in the president’s hometown in 2016 than in New York and Los Angeles combined. Some complained that Mr. Obama had not interceded forcefully enough. “He was a community organizer here himself, and he should be embarrassed that he came in as president and the problems have actually worsened,” said Ja’Mal Green, a local activist. But others, like Mr. Coye, the barber, noted that Mr. Obama was president of the United States, not of the South Side: “Who knows what happens now, but you can’t have expected him to solve this city’s violence. ” The Obamas intend to stay in Washington while their younger daughter finishes high school, but many residents here believe that they might never return to the house on Greenwood Avenue. He is building his presidential library in Chicago, many say, and that is just fine. “No, he’s not coming back, and he shouldn’t, either  —   he couldn’t go anywhere without being recognized,” said Stephanie Crouse, 53, a school bus driver eating her lunch from a tray at Valois, a Hyde Park cafeteria Mr. Obama once frequented. “This is like your kids,” she added. “He’s done his thing. He did what he could. And you’re sending him off now to graduate and move up and go off to better things. ”"
221,17534,"Obama, Saying Goodbye, Warns of Threats to National Unity - The New York Times",New York Times,Mark Landler and Julie Bosman,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"CHICAGO  —   President Obama, delivering a farewell address in the city that launched his political career, declared on Tuesday his continued confidence in the American experiment. But he warned, in the wake of a toxic presidential election, that economic inequity, racism and   threatened to shred the nation’s democratic fabric. “We weaken those ties when we define some of us as more American than others,” Mr. Obama said, “when we write off the whole system as inevitably corrupt, and when we sit back and blame the leaders we elect without examining our own role in electing them. ” Speaking to a rapturous crowd that recalled the excitement of his   campaign in 2008, Mr. Obama said he believed even the deepest ideological divides could be bridged. His words were nevertheless etched with frustration  —   a blunt coda to a remarkable day that laid bare many of the racial crosscurrents in the country. On Capitol Hill, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama presented himself as a moderate in his confirmation hearing for attorney general, while his critics denounced him as a racist. In Charleston, S. C. Dylann S. Roof, the white supremacist who shot nine black churchgoers, was sentenced to death. And here, in the cavernous convention hall where Mr. Obama celebrated his   in 2012, the nation’s first black president  —   still popular, still optimistic  —   bade America goodbye 10 days before turning over his office to   Donald J. Trump, who ran what his critics labeled a racist campaign. Mr. Obama pledged again to support his successor. But his speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of the positions Mr. Trump staked out during the campaign, from climate change and barring Muslims from entering the country to repealing his landmark health care law. “If every economic issue is framed as a struggle between a hardworking white middle class and undeserving minorities,” Mr. Obama said, “then workers of all shades will be left fighting for scraps while the wealthy withdraw further into their private enclave. ” “If we decline to invest in the children of immigrants, just because they don’t look like us, we diminish the prospects of our own children  —   because those brown kids will represent a larger share of America’s work force,” he added. In giving a farewell address, Mr. Obama invoked a privilege of presidents going back to George Washington. He staked his claim as the leader who steered the nation through the storms of the Great Recession to a growing economy and job market. He claimed credit for reducing the rate of uninsured Americans to record lows, while keeping a cap on health care costs. In a pointed reference to Republicans determined to repeal the health care bill that was one of the signature accomplishments of his presidency, Mr. Obama said, “If anyone can put together a plan that is demonstrably better than the improvements we’ve made to our health care system  —   that covers as many people at less cost  —   I will publicly support it. ” There were also nostalgic moments, as well. He recalled the 2008 campaign that started him on his improbable journey to the White House. He thanked the army of volunteers and staff members who swept him into the Oval Office, ending with the iconic chant, “Yes, we can. ” And reflecting on all they had accomplished, he added, “Yes, we did. ” “It has been the honor of my life to serve you,” Mr. Obama said. “I won’t stop in fact, I will be right there with you, as a citizen, for all my remaining days. ” He drew some of the most thunderous applause of the night when he paid tribute to his wife, Michelle  —   “my best friend”  —   and Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.  —   “a brother. ” As the crowd of 18, 000 clapped and stamped their feet, Mr. Obama dabbed his eyes. Afterward, Mrs. Obama and her elder daughter, Malia, appeared onstage with the president, along with Mr. Biden and his wife, Jill. The Obamas’ younger daughter, Sasha, stayed in Washington because she has an exam in school on Wednesday morning, the White House said. But Mr. Obama clearly wanted to use his last major turn on the national stage to send a message. Americans, he said, should not take their democracy for granted. Lamenting the perennially low voter turnout rates, Mr. Obama urged people to become involved. “If you’re tired of arguing with strangers on the internet,” he said, “try to talk with one in real life. ” “America is not a fragile thing,” the president said. “But the gains of our long journey to freedom are not assured. ” The White House had meticulously planned this event, from the location to the tone and cadence of the speech, which clearly reached for the oratorical heights of his   addresses. The president was still rewriting his remarks on Tuesday afternoon, one of his aides said, after being up very late Monday night scrawling edits on what was then already the fourth draft. Mr. Obama’s chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, pored over previous farewell addresses for inspiration. George Washington used the occasion to disclose he would not run for a third term and warned Americans to steer clear of foreign entanglements in Europe, while Dwight D. Eisenhower warned of the influence of the “  complex. ” Mr. Obama’s message recalled his final State of the Union address last year, as well as speeches he gave in Springfield, Ill. at the commencement ceremonies at Howard University and Rutgers University and during the Democratic National Convention. Dozens of alumni from the White House and Mr. Obama’s political operation converged on Chicago to cheer their boss. With parties all over town, the atmosphere felt like a wistful version of 2012, or even more so, of 2008, when Mr. Obama’s election drew a   people to a jubilant victory celebration in nearby Grant Park. There was, however, an undeniable tinge of sadness to Mr. Obama’s    —   the dread among many in this crowd that his legacy will be undone by Mr. Trump, and the disappointment that, for all his political gifts, he was unable to hand over his office to his chosen successor, Hillary Clinton. “Beers and tears,” said Ben LaBolt, who served as the national press secretary for Mr. Obama’s   campaign. Many said they had waited hours in the cold to get tickets, like   McGee, an elementary school teacher from the Chicago suburb Country Club Hills. Those hours had a purpose. She wanted to demonstrate to her students that seeing Mr. Obama was worth the wait. “Better than waiting to shop on Black Friday. Better than waiting in line for gym shoes,” she said. But Ms. McGee was troubled by Mr. Trump’s inauguration, and the damage it could do to Mr. Obama’s legacy. “There’s so much to say about him,” she said. “He maintained class, he maintained dignity. Honestly, I don’t want him to leave, but I’m sure it will be a load off his shoulders. ” Alvin Love, a Baptist minister, walked through the crowd holding the hand of his    granddaughter, Bayleigh Love, who wore a red sequined party dress. He and Mr. Obama go back 30 years, when the president was a young community organizer on the South Side. “It’s mixed emotions for me,” he said. “I’m sad to see it come to an end, but proud and happy to see the work that he’s done. ” Mr. Love said he believed Mr. Obama’s work could be sustained, even with the advent of a Trump presidency. “Any time right is done, it will sooner or later stand up again. ”"
222,17535,Prisons Run by C.E.O.s? Privatization Under Trump Could Carry a Heavy Price - The New York Times,New York Times,Eduardo Porter,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"Last summer, the Justice Department decided to start winding down its use of private prisons. Deputy Attorney General Sally Q. Yates noted in a memo that while private prisons were useful when public prisons were overflowing, they made little sense now that the prison population was falling. They didn’t save much on costs. Nor did they provide the kind of rehabilitation programs proved to reduce recidivism. And they are particularly dangerous. A recent report by the department’s inspector general found that prisoners in private facilities, which house some 12 percent of federal inmates, were much more likely to have weapons. Private prisons had many more assaults on inmates and prison workers than those run by the Bureau of Prisons. And they went into lockdown to respond to disturbances 10 times as often. But on Nov. 9, the day after Donald J. Trump was elected president, the stocks of correctional conglomerates were among the best performing on the New York Stock Exchange. Shares in Corrections Corporation of America, now CoreCivic, gained an astonishing 43 percent on the day. The reason? Privatization is back at the top of the government’s agenda. While this is being applauded in executive suites across corporate America, the cost for the rest of society is likely to be high. “With prisons I do think we can do a lot of privatizations and private prisons,” Mr. Trump said on the campaign trail last year. “It seems to work a lot better. ” Mr. Trump’s pick for attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, is a staunch supporter of the approach, having invited private prisons into his state as its attorney general more than 20 years ago. But privatization is likely to sweep through not only prisons. The   wants to privatize health services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs. He wants to privatize public infrastructure  —   drawing private sector companies to fix, build and manage bridges and roads, water supplies and airports. He is selling privatization as a surefire winner that will deliver better services for less public money. “There’s a magical thinking among business executives that something about the profit motive makes everything run better,” noted Raymond Fisman, a professor of economics at Boston University. “What is government going to be like when it is run by billionaire C. E. O.s that see the private sector as a solution to all the world’s problems?” A serious body of economics, not to mention reams of evidence from decades of privatizations around the world, suggests this belief is false. Consider, for instance, what the profit motive has done for higher education.   colleges absorb a full quarter of federal aid for higher education. Not all are fraudulent diploma mills set up to milk federal aid dollars from   students. Still, on average they are much more expensive than public institutions, while their degrees are much less valuable. There are abundant similar examples in the health care industry. Hospices run for profit are less likely to admit patients with shorter,   expected lengths of stay.   hospitals have been found to fib more to Medicare than nonprofits do  —   tweaking their diagnoses to get higher reimbursements. And they have been found to bolster profits at the expense of patient safety. A study at the RAND Corporation found that hospitals that switched from nonprofit to   operation saw a sharp rise in profits but also a jump in mortality rates one to two years after their conversion. Then there is a study by Bonnie Svarstad and Chester Bond of the School of Pharmacy at the University of   more than three decades ago: They found that patients in   nursing homes got heavier doses of sedatives than those in nonprofits got. Explaining the pattern, the economist Burton Weisbrod wrote that sedatives were “less expensive than, say, giving special attention to more active patients who need to be kept busy. ” Of course, the government can also do a horrible job of running things. And private corporations do many things well. They tend to be much faster to innovate. In competitive markets, the profit motive makes for a powerful incentive to deliver all kinds of goods and services, from widgets to telephone calls, efficiently and effectively. A study found that opening nursing homes in Sweden to private providers actually improved patients’ mortality rates. But it is critical to understand how profit seeking can go awry, giving companies a motivation to skimp on quality to bolster margins. When a private provider faces little or no competition, or when quality of service is difficult to track properly  —   think of the   of patients in a nursing home, or the health of prison inmates  —   there will be nothing to stop it from pursuing higher profits at society’s expense. “The private sector is good at cutting costs and finding ways to save money,” Oliver Hart, a professor of economics at Harvard, told me. “Some are socially desirable some are not. ” The critical issue is whether a contract can be written that reduces the space for socially undesirable tactics to a minimum. Negotiating the   is not always obvious. For instance, the privatization of the water supply of Buenos Aires led to a reduction in infant deaths from infectious and parasitic disease. But it also increased water bills, so the unpopular concession to a private company was ultimately canceled. Professor Hart, as it happens, won the Nobel  in economic sciences last year for his work in studying precisely these sorts of contracts: When are they more likely to work? How should they be structured? Crucial tasks with many dimensions  —   waging war, policing the streets of a city  —   are often best left to the public sector, he points out. By contrast, a private provider could do a better job when the desired output is more straightforward and can be measured properly, like collecting trash. He is not at all opposed to privatization. Indeed, he argues that determining whether a service should be privately or publicly provided should not be an ideological issue. The decision should be based on “what mode of organization achieves the social goal in the best way. ” Unfortunately, he noted, it seems unlikely Mr. Trump’s team will take the thoughtful path. Indeed, one of Professor Hart’s seminal papers, produced together with Andrei Shleifer and Robert Vishny nearly 20 years ago, suggested that while things like garbage collection or weapons production were quite suitable for private provision, the government would probably do a better job tackling tasks like foreign policy, the police and   …     prisons."
223,17536,"Russian Hackers Gained ‘Limited’ Access to R.N.C., Comey Says - The New York Times",New York Times,David E. Sanger and Matt Flegenheimer,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   The director of the F. B. I. James B. Comey, told lawmakers at a Senate hearing on Tuesday that Russian hackers had penetrated the Republican National Committee’s computer records, but he called it a “limited penetration of old R. N. C. ” computer systems that were “no longer in use. ” Mr. Comey’s statement was significant because the committee said weeks ago that it did not lose data to the Russians because of its strong cybersecurity.   Donald J. Trump has repeated that assertion and has also said weaknesses in Democratic National Committee systems had opened the way for their systems to be hacked. While Mr. Comey did not go into detail, he appeared to be referring to a   attack on a contractor in Tennessee, Smartech Corporation, used by the Republican committee to host some of its websites and handle some lists of donors. Federal investigators have said that a single email server used by that contractor had been penetrated. But it was going out of service and contained outdated material that the Russians probably found to be of little value. People with direct knowledge of the server’s contents said it had been used by Senators Lindsey Graham and John McCain. An aide in Mr. Graham’s office said the hacking of the email server in question occurred in June. The Graham campaign was using the server to send news clips and campaign releases, the aide said. In an unclassified report released on Friday, the intelligence community reported that the Russians had attacked “ ” organizations but that they had chosen not to make any of that data public. The report made no specific reference to the Republican National Committee. Pressed on the issue by Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, Mr. Comey said on Tuesday that there was “evidence of hacking directed at the state level” and at the Republican committee, “but that it was old stuff. ” He said there was no evidence “that the current R. N. C. ”  —   he appeared to be referring to servers at the committee’s headquarters or contractors with current data  —   had been hacked. There is no evidence that computers used by the Trump campaign or the Clinton campaign were also compromised, though the personal email account of John D. Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, was copied and released as part of the   hack. The testimony on Tuesday was the first since the release of the declassified report on Russia’s interference in the 2016 presidential election, and it came four days after the findings were described to Mr. Trump. The panel, convened by the Senate Intelligence Committee, included James R. Clapper Jr. the director of national intelligence, and Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency and of the military’s Cyber Command. John O. Brennan, director of the Central Intelligence Agency, and Mr. Comey also testified. Mr. Clapper largely repeated the conclusions of last week’s report, including that the goal of the Russian effort was to disparage Mrs. Clinton  —   whom the Russians hoped to weaken if she won  —   and over time to favor Mr. Trump. Under questioning, Mr. Clapper said he believed that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and his aides had actively ordered the operation that resulted in the hacking, though he left unclear how involved they may have been in the details. After receiving a briefing on the report on Friday, Mr. Trump acknowledged for the first time that Russia had sought to hack into the Democratic National Committee’s computer systems. But he insisted that the effort had played no role in his election, and he said nothing about the conclusion that Mr. Putin preferred him to Mrs. Clinton. Senator Mark Warner, Democrat of Virginia and the committee’s vice chairman, called the election hacking “one of the most serious events of my public life. ” At times, Democrats on the committee steered the conversation toward whether intelligence officials were investigating any link between the Russians and Mr. Trump’s campaign. But Mr. Comey declined to discuss it. “Especially in a public forum, we never confirm or deny any investigation,” Mr. Comey said. Many Democrats still blame him for Mrs. Clinton’s defeat, citing his ambiguous letter less than two weeks before the election disclosing new questions about emails on her private server. Senator Angus King, independent of Maine, who supported Mrs. Clinton, could not resist an aside. “The irony of your making that statement here I cannot avoid,” he said. Mr. Comey, seeking to establish a nonpartisan air, later joked, “I hope I’ve demonstrated by now I’m tone deaf when it comes to politics  —   and that’s the way it should be. ” Republicans, for their part, raised few doubts about the intelligence community’s conclusions, but they dwelled little on the report’s finding that Mr. Putin had a clear preference for Mr. Trump. Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, suggested that Russia had achieved its broader goal of sowing “chaos and disorder” in the electoral system."
224,17538,Jared Kushner Named Senior White House Adviser to Donald Trump - The New York Times,New York Times,Glenn Thrush and Maggie Haberman,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner will become a senior White House adviser to his    Donald J. Trump, cementing the New York real estate executive’s role as a powerful and at times decisive influence on the  . Mr. Kushner, 35, who married Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka in 2009, is closer to Mr. Trump than any other adviser, a steady and stabilizing presence inside an often chaotic transition team who has provided input on most of his   ’s most consequential hiring and firing decisions. Mr. Trump described Mr. Kushner as “a tremendous asset and trusted adviser throughout the campaign and transition” in a statement issued early Monday evening announcing an appointment that perhaps more than any other defines the way the incoming president will govern. Mr. Kushner plans to sell some of his real estate holdings and other assets, his lawyer said. Some ethics experts have questioned whether the appointment will be legal under federal   laws designed to prevent family ties from influencing the functioning of the United States government. Other presidents configured their White House hierarchies to mirror experiences in statehouses, on campaigns or at the heads of armies. Mr. Trump intends to adopt the management style of a New York real estate empire, with family at the pinnacle and staff members, however trusted or talented, somewhere below. Ms. Trump, who also participated in her father’s campaign decisions, has no immediate plans to enter the administration and will restructure her portfolio of holdings. But she plans to step down from the management of the Trump Organization and the Ivanka Trump fashion brand, said Jamie S. Gorelick, Mr. Kushner’s lawyer. Mr. Kushner’s plan is to sell assets to his brother and to a trust overseen by his mother, said Ms. Gorelick, who added that she had been consulting with federal ethics officials in an attempt to minimize opposition to Mr. Kushner’s appointment. Under the arrangement, Mr. Kushner will divest his holdings in his family real estate firm’s flagship property at 666 Fifth Avenue sell his stake in the New York Observer newspaper divest his interest in his brother’s firm, Thrive Capital and restructure other investments. He will also divest of all foreign investments, said Ms. Gorelick, who served as deputy attorney general in the Clinton administration. He will have to recuse himself on matters that could relate to his wife’s businesses and his remaining holdings, she added. Mr. Kushner has been described by numerous transition staff members as the first among equals in Mr. Trump’s high command. His new title belies the sweeping influence he will have behind the scenes. The   Mr. Kushner has often been described as having a calming effect on Mr. Trump, who is notorious for yelling at staff members during moments of tension. Mr. Kushner became the de facto campaign manager in the spring, and his influence with Mr. Trump has expanded rapidly. He is expected to play the same role in the White House, while the chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, provides the   with strategic, messaging and communications advice, and Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee and the incoming chief of staff, runs    operations in the West Wing. Mr. Trump’s counselor, Kellyanne Conway, will have a direct line to the president on a range of issues. Despite his lack of   political experience before the 2016 campaign, Mr. Kushner earned the trust of his mercurial    during the campaign’s most turbulent moments, joining his wife and Mr. Trump’s adult sons, Eric and Donald Jr. in ousting Corey Lewandowski, then the campaign manager, in the heat of the primary season. Mr. Kushner was among those who pushed, campaign officials said, for the removal of Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey as the head of Mr. Trump’s transition team, and pressed for his    to appoint David M. Friedman, a Long Island lawyer, as ambassador to Israel. Mr. Kushner, an orthodox Jew, has also made an unlikely ally of Mr. Bannon, an icon of the   nationalist movement. When Mr. Bannon, a former Breitbart executive, came under attack from Democrats after he was appointed to a White House role, Mr. Kushner assured allies that he had complete faith in Mr. Bannon and described him as a man of character. Mr. Kushner will not take a salary and plans to work on issues involving the Middle East and Israel try to forge government partnerships with the private sector and collaborate with Mr. Trump’s choice for commerce secretary, Wilbur L. Ross Jr. on matters involving free trade, Ms. Gorelick said. The scion of a prominent Democratic family active in New Jersey politics, Mr. Kushner showed few early signs that he would become a national political power player. A Harvard graduate, he is a lifelong Democrat, liberal on social issues. Like his ideologically limber    he has donated to Democratic candidates. Mr. Kushner’s appointment was greeted with relief by some liberals, including Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York, who views him as moderating influence in a Trump West Wing dominated by   conservatives. “I respect him a lot,” Mr. de Blasio said when asked about Mr. Kushner on Monday. “I’ve known him for years and find him to be a very reasonable person. ” Still, it remains unclear if Mr. Kushner is inclined to prod the   to the left. By his own account, he underwent something of a personal political transformation during the campaign, embracing Mr. Trump’s fiery and conservative economic message after spending months crisscrossing red and   America. Mr. Kushner’s new role became public a day after the disclosure that he would resign as chief executive of Kushner Companies, his family’s real estate firm, and divest himself of “substantial assets,” including 666 Fifth Avenue. Mr. Kushner will divest of his holdings in The Observer and has stepped down as its publisher his    the newspaper’s chairman, will assume that role. Mr. Trump is scheduled to hold a news conference on Wednesday to discuss his plans for dealing with myriad conflicts of interest raised by his sprawling international development, hotel, branding and entertainment empire. Ms. Gorelick said she was confident Mr. Kushner’s appointment would survive any legal challenge, and said Mr. Trump would seek an advisory opinion from the Department of Justice’s Office of Legal Counsel. “I am not saying there’s no legal argument on the other side,” she added. “I’m just saying we have the better argument and will prevail. ” Mr. Trump made it clear since he was elected that he wanted Mr. Kushner in his White House. Since December, Mr. Kushner and Ms. Gorelick’s team have consulted with the Office of Government Ethics to create a plan that would satisfy the legal requirements needed for him to serve. Mr. Kushner’s father, Charles Kushner, a real estate developer who was once imprisoned for tax evasion, will take an increased role in the family company. Norman L. Eisen, who was the chief White House ethics lawyer under President Obama, said he thought Mr. Kushner’s decision to divest holdings raised pressure on Mr. Trump to follow suit. “What we are seeing now is, after the initial chaos of the Trump transition, that his nominees are now complying with the requirements of the law,” he said. “Rex Tillerson has retired from Exxon, and now Kushner is doing the same,” he added, referring to Mr. Trump’s nominee for secretary of state. “So it’s going to be hard for Trump to ignore 40 years of precedent and not do the same. ”"
225,17539,"Jared Kushner Will Sell Many of His Assets, but Ethics Lawyers Worry - The New York Times",New York Times,Susanne Craig and Maggie Haberman,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"After   Donald J. Trump announced Monday that he would appoint his    the real estate investor Jared Kushner, as a senior White House adviser, lawyers for Mr. Kushner said he would sell many of his assets to avoid myriad potential conflicts of interest. But because he plans to sell to his brother or to a family trust controlled by his mother, some ethics lawyers interviewed questioned how meaningful the divestiture would be. Jamie S. Gorelick, a lawyer who is advising Mr. Kushner on how to deal with the ethical issues he will have to navigate while advising Mr. Trump on topics that could affect his bottom line, said Mr. Kushner would sell his interest in about 35 investments, including his family’s flagship office tower on Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan. He also plans to restructure his role in his remaining holdings so he will not be involved in managing them, Ms. Gorelick said. In addition, she said, he will sell his common stocks resign as chief executive of Kushner Companies, his family business and sell The New York Observer. He will also recuse himself from decisions that could affect his remaining holdings, as well as those of his wife, Ivanka Trump. “He will be treated as any other person entering public service,” said Ms. Gorelick, a partner at WilmerHale and a deputy attorney general under President Bill Clinton. Matthew T. Sanderson, a lawyer at Caplin  Drysdale and former general counsel to Senator Rand Paul’s presidential campaign, said that, ideally, the transactions would be independent of the person selling the asset. But as outlined by Ms. Gorelick, Mr. Sanderson said, the plan falls short of that standard. Not only does Mr. Kushner intend to sell the assets to his brother, Joshua, a venture capitalist, and to a trust controlled by his mother, Seryl, but his mother and siblings are the beneficiaries of the trust. “It sounds like a shell game to me,” Mr. Sanderson said. Even with these measures, Mr. Kushner will still have links to his family’s empire, which owns property across the country and relies on   foreign money. Recent maneuvers over the tower at 666 Fifth Avenue underscore the complications. On Saturday, The New York Times reported that Mr. Kushner had been negotiating to redevelop the building with Anbang Insurance Group, a Chinese financial firm with a murky ownership structure and state connections. The negotiations began about six months ago, around the time Mr. Trump clinched the Republican nomination. While the family trust will take over Mr. Kushner’s stake in the building, the value of his interest and other details of the transaction are not known. And as a White House adviser on issues including trade, he is likely to counsel the president on America’s relationship with China. People close to Mr. Kushner and his wife have repeatedly highlighted the income they will be sacrificing Ms. Gorelick said Ms. Trump would remove herself from management roles at the Trump Organization and at her apparel and licensing companies. She will draw income in fixed payments from the Trump Organization, so her salary will not fluctuate based on deals that could relate directly to new federal laws or decisions by her father’s administration. Ms. Gorelick said Mr. Kushner’s legal team had consulted with the Office of Government Ethics, and agreed to certain requests, to craft a plan that would satisfy the legal requirements for him to serve. The lawyers concluded that at least one obstacle, a federal   law, was not applicable because, while the law prohibits federal officials from hiring relatives for agencies they lead, the White House is not an agency. “I’m not saying that there isn’t an argument on the other side,” Ms. Gorelick said. “I just think we have the better argument. ” Richard W. Painter, a professor of law at the University of Minnesota and a chief White House ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush, said Mr. Trump and his team deserved credit for bringing Mr. Kushner on as an employee, rather than as an informal adviser not subject to criminal    rules. Mr. Painter noted that the trust was irrevocable, meaning it cannot be modified without the permission of the beneficiaries. He also said it was a positive sign that Mr. Kushner’s wife and young children were not beneficiaries. However, other relatives are. “There will be appearance issues, and you need to make sure this is not a     issue,” he said."
226,17540,"As Protests Flare, Iran Bids Farewell to Rafsanjani - The New York Times",New York Times,Thomas Erdbrink,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"TEHRAN  —   Iranians bade farewell to Ayatollah Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani on Tuesday, with the sprawling state funeral veering slightly off script when groups of mourners started shouting opposition slogans. The authorities were forced to raise the volume on the loudspeakers playing lamentation songs after some in the crowds took up cries of “Oh, Hussein, Mir Hussein,” a reference to a former presidential candidate, Mir Hussein Moussavi, who has been under house arrest since 2011. Some of the chants were aimed at Russia, Iran’s ally in the Syrian conflict. Video clips on social media showed mourners shouting “Death to Russia” and “the Russian Embassy is the den of espionage,” as they passed the embassy’s complex in the heart of Tehran. People also called for the release of hunger strikers in Iranian prisons. State television, broadcasting the funeral live, airbrushed the protests, which were nevertheless allowed to proceed without police intervention. Mr. Rafsanjani, 82, who died on Sunday, was laid to rest after an elaborate ceremony that lasted several days. Right after his demise, his body was placed in a coffin that was put on public display in the modest house of the late founder of the Islamic republic, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. For two days, mourners had filed through the northern Tehran site, untouched since Mr. Khomeini died in 1989. A religious chanter brought the crowds to tears as he recalled how Mr. Rafsanjani helped to oust Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi in the 1979 revolution. “Our sheikh was so wise, he made the shah leave, leave,” the chanter sang. Men gathering on the ground floor bowed their heads in respect, while on the first floor  —   the women’s section  —   mourners in black chadors peeked down. Qassem Soleimani, the general of the Quds Force of the Revolutionary Guards who runs Iran’s operations in Iraq and Syria, paid his respects, some people said, showing clips of him on their cellphones as proof. Because of Mr. Rafsanjani’s close relationship with Ayatollah Khomeini, he was accorded the honor of being buried in the late leader’s mausoleum, in a golden cage. Before the interment, all Iranians were invited to gather around the campus of the University of Tehran, in the central part of the city, where Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, led a prayer. People showed up early, some wearing scarves around their faces to protect them from the morning cold. Families passed by, pushing strollers carrying babies wearing woolen hats. Students took videos with their cellphones. Shiite clerics in traditional winter robes made of camel’s hair held prayer beads. There were so many people  —   2. 5 million by official estimates  —   that many of the dignitaries and family members invited to the campus were marooned in their cars amid the crowds. Some hid behind curtains others waved at the collection of camera phones. One of Mr. Rafsanjani’s daughters, Faezeh Hashemi, was photographed sticking her head out of the window of a bus and flashing a victory sign. She and her brother Mehdi have been harassed by   for their growing support of reformists and moderates seeking change in Iran. The daughter, an activist for women’s rights and personal freedoms, was jailed in 2011 for making “  propaganda,” while her brother was given leave to attend the funeral from prison, where he was sent on embezzlement charges. In recent years their father, long a staunch conservative, became an unexpected hero to Iran’s middle class. Mr. Rafsanjani sympathized with some demands made by protesters during the   Green Revolution, the antigovernment demonstrations following the disputed   victory of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in 2009. They saw him as a lone voice representing their beliefs in Iran’s establishment. Such deviations from the official line were put aside by the authorities on Tuesday. In death it seemed that Mr. Rafsanjani was to be remembered for his revolutionary credentials, not for his criticisms. Potential troublemakers were not invited. The former reformist president, Mohammad Khatami, who was supported by Mr. Rafsanjani, was told not to attend, local websites said. The same apparatus that normally churns out posters showing Uncle Sam with blood dripping from his teeth to burn during     demonstrations, now printed pictures of Mr. Rafsanjani, extolling him as “a man of history, who is immortal. ” In the teeming streets, scenes clashed incongruously. At one point, Ayatollah Khamenei could be heard through loudspeakers saying prayers for Mr. Rafsanjani while protesters chanted opposition slogans. Some wore green wristbands, the color of the opposition, and flashed victory signs. Supporters of the establishment tried to drown out the slogans by shouting “Allahu akbar,” meaning “God is great,” but for the most part they were overmatched. On state television, sound engineers at one point forgot to lower the volume when people shouted, “Hail to Khatami. ” “Hashemi’s death is a great worry to us,” said Leili Farhang, a    university graduate, who emphasized that she was unemployed “like many of my generation. ” She and her friends had showed up in front of the Tehran University campus “to pay respect to a man who respected us. ” It was hard, she and her friends agreed, to come up with the name of anybody within Iran’s establishment to replace Mr. Rafsanjani. Not one has his weight and stature, they concluded: “He will be missed. ” It took hours for the body to arrive at the South Tehran mausoleum, because of “the millions that have come out to honor the ayatollah,” Khabarfori, an Iranian online news channel, said on the Telegram messaging app. Inside the mausoleum, state television showed, a marching band played the national anthem, after which Mr. Rafsanjani’s coffin was placed next to Mr. Khomeini’s, as planned."
227,17541,"Clare Hollingworth, Reporter Who Broke News of World War II, Dies at 105 - The New York Times",New York Times,Margalit Fox,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"From a single gust of wind, Clare Hollingworth reaped the journalistic scoop of the century. Ms. Hollingworth, the undisputed doyenne of war correspondents, who died on Tuesday in Hong Kong at 105, was less than a week into her first job, as a reporter for the British newspaper The Daily Telegraph, on that windy day in 1939. Driving alone on the road from Gleiwitz, then in Germany, to Katowice, in Poland  —   a distance of less than 20 miles  —   she watched as the wind lifted a piece of the tarpaulin that had been erected on the German side to screen the valley below from view. Through the opening, Ms. Hollingworth saw, she later wrote, “large numbers of troops, literally hundreds of tanks, armored cars and field guns” concealed in the valley. She knew then that Germany was poised for a major military incursion. Hastening back across the border to the Polish side, she telephoned her editor with the news, a world exclusive. The date was Aug. 28, 1939, and her article, published the next day, would become, as the British paper The Guardian wrote in 2015, “probably the greatest scoop of modern times. ” On Sept. 1, Hitler’s forces invaded Poland, marking the start of World War II. For the next four decades, Ms. Hollingworth (who over the years contributed articles to The Telegraph, The Guardian, The International Herald Tribune and The Wall Street Journal) covered World War II from Eastern Europe, the Balkans and North Africa the Greek and Algerian civil wars hostilities between Arabs and Jews in the waning days of the British mandate in Palestine and the Vietnam War, among other conflicts. Often under fire, occasionally arrested and possessed of such a keen nose for covert information that from time to time she was accused of being a spy  —   both by local governments and by the British  —   Ms. Hollingworth was friend, or foe, to seemingly everyone in a position of power in the world at midcentury. She obtained the first interview with Mohammed Reza Pahlavi after he became the shah of Iran in 1941, and what was very likely among the last, after he was deposed by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini in 1979. In 1965, wanting to cover hostilities between India and Pakistan but discovering that reporters were barred from the front, she simply secured permission from an old acquaintance, Indira Gandhi, who was then India’s minister of information and broadcasting. Ms. Hollingworth was also one of the first Western journalists to report regularly from China, opening The Telegraph’s Beijing bureau in 1973. Her other major scoops included a 1963 article for The Guardian in which she cautiously identified the British intelligence agent Kim Philby as the   “third man” in the ring of Soviet spies then known to include the Englishmen Donald Maclean and Guy Burgess. Another was a 1968 article for The Telegraph in which she reported the United States’ incipient plans for peace talks with Vietnam. (The talks opened in Paris later that year and were concluded in 1973.) Ms. Hollingworth was never so happy, she often said, as when she was roaming the world equipped with little more than a toothbrush, a typewriter and, if need be, a revolver. Embedded long before the term was applied to journalists, she slept in trucks and in trenches, at times buried up to her neck in sand for warmth on cold desert nights. She once held off an armed Algerian policeman by threatening to hit him about the head with a shoe. Had her eyesight not begun to fail some 20 years ago, it was a life, Ms. Hollingworth made clear, that she would gladly have continued to the end of her days. “I must admit that I enjoy being in a war,” she told The Telegraph in 2011, on the eve of her 100th birthday. In 1989, though nearly 80 and nominally retired, Ms. Hollingworth, attired in a safari suit, her working uniform of choice for 60 years, was spotted in Tiananmen Square shinnying up a lamppost for a bird’  view of the government’s violent crackdown against civilian protesters. She periodically slept on the floor of her home in Hong Kong well into her 90s, just to keep from going soft. Through all her travels, with all their attendant rigors, there was only one thing, Ms. Hollingworth said, that she truly could not abide. “I do not mind not washing for a week or more,” she wrote, “but I do hate getting fleas in my hair. ” Her Graham Greene existence, with its typewriter, revolver and most particularly its fleas, was a far cry from the life her conventional,   British parents had envisioned for her  —   one of quiet propriety, dutiful wifehood, charity balls and hunting. Clare Hollingworth was born on Oct. 10, 1911, in Knighton in central England, outside Leicester. As a child, she enjoyed touring the historic battlefields of England and France with her father, who ran the family’s boot and shoe factory. At her parents’ insistence, the young Ms. Hollingworth attended domestic science college in Leicester, an experience that did nothing to make the prospect of hearth and home attractive. (“Although it is useful to be able to make an omelet,” she later wrote, “my domestic science training caused me to hate having anything to do with housework. ”) Partly in deference to her upbringing, she became engaged “to a suitable young man,” though she soon broke off the engagement and further scandalized her parents by announcing her intention to become a journalist. “My mother thought journalism frightfully low, like a trade,” Ms. Hollingworth said in the 2011 interview with The Telegraph. “She didn’t believe anything journalists wrote and thought they were only fit for the tradesmen’s entrance. ” In the 1930s, Ms. Hollingworth attended the School of Slavonic and East European Studies in London and afterward studied at the University of Zagreb, then in Yugoslavia. Working for the League of Nations Union, a peace and social justice group established in Britain in 1918, she was dispatched to Warsaw. There, in early 1939, she aided thousands of refugees from the Sudetenland  —   the region of Czechoslovakia that had been annexed by the Nazis in October 1938  —   arranging travel documents that would let them cross into Poland. She wrote about their plight for small publications in Britain. The Telegraph learned of Ms. Hollingworth’s work in Poland, and on Aug. 25, 1939, while she was visiting London, it hired her as a correspondent. Assigned to cover the prelude to war in the region, she flew to Warsaw the next day. From Warsaw she traveled to Katowice, commandeering an official car from the British consul general there. It was in that car, Union Jack boldly flying, that she drove over the border, past astonished Nazi guards and into Germany on Aug. 28. Ms. Hollingworth’s scoop comprised two parts. The first was her story of Aug. 29, about the advent of war. The second was her report on the start of the war itself. Awakened by explosions at dawn on Sept. 1, Ms. Hollingworth, from her quarters in Katowice, saw German bombers overhead and the flash of artillery fire in the distance. She telephoned a friend at the British Embassy in Warsaw. “The war has begun!” she cried. “Are you sure, old girl?” he said. Her published article notwithstanding, Ms. Hollingworth later wrote, British officialdom persisted in thinking that war remained weeks away. She held the receiver out the window as German tanks roared outside. The embassy was persuaded and soon, too, was her editor. Ms. Hollingworth’s article on the start of hostilities appeared in The Telegraph the next day. Her work from this period is unbylined  —   few reporters were accorded bylines then  —   a state of affairs she pronounced as being for the best: It simultaneously spared her parents familial anxiety and social indignity. What followed was more than 40 years of chasing danger, for it was in the most dangerous places, Ms. Hollingworth often said, that the best stories lay. Traveling with British troops in North Africa, she was buried in the sands for the night when she awoke to the sounds of a German reconnaissance party. “A sneeze would have brought death to us all,” she later wrote. She held her breath in the darkness, and the party passed unseeing. In Vietnam, a sniper’s bullet narrowly missed her head. Ms. Hollingworth’s first husband, Vandeleur Robinson, whom she married in 1936, divorced her for desertion 15 years later. (“When I’m on a story, I’m on a story  —   to hell with husband, family, anyone else,” she told The Guardian in 2004.) Her second husband, Geoffrey Hoare, a journalist whom she married in the early 1950s, died in 1965. Her death was confirmed by Patrick Garrett, her grandnephew and her biographer. Her survivors include a stepdaughter, Hilary Sandre. Over time, some members of the British press grew alienated by what they saw as Ms. Hollingworth’s imperious manner. “Ms. Hollingworth’s snobberies are very tiring, her cozy relations with British embassies irritating,” the English journalist Robert Fisk wrote, reviewing her 1990 memoir, “Front Line. ” But she remained a widely admired, even venerated, figure, a recipient of the Order of the British Empire in 1982 and a perennial fixture at the Foreign Correspondents’ Club in Hong Kong, where she had made her home since the early 1980s. Her other books include “The Three Weeks’ War in Poland” (1940) “There’s a German Just Behind Me” (1942) “The Arabs and the West” (1952) and “Mao and the Men Against Him” (1985). As Ms. Hollingworth made clear in later interviews, though there was no dearth of wars to accompany her old age, she did not truly expect to be called upon to cover them. Yet to the end of her life she slept with her passport and a pair of shoes within easy reach, just in case."
228,17542,Publishers Encounter Political Storms in Turn to Right - The New York Times,New York Times,Alexandra Alter,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"Milo Yiannopoulos  —   the infamous internet troll, Donald J. Trump supporter and editor at Breitbart News  —   has compared Islam to cancer, mocked transgender people and suggested that women who are harassed online should stay off the web. Last July, he was permanently barred from Twitter for violating the platform’s rules against hate speech and harassment. So when Threshold Editions, a conservative imprint at Simon  Schuster, gave him a   publishing contract, the blowback was swift and furious. There were calls for a boycott of all of the company’s books, a vast catalog of some 2, 000 titles from 50 imprints. Some of Simon  Schuster’s authors  —   including Karen Hunter, Danielle Henderson and Bradley Trevor Greive  —   denounced the publisher on social media. The Chicago Review of Books said it would not review any of the company’s books this year. The criticism highlights the minefield that publishers face as they try to court an emerging market of young conservatives who identify with extreme   stances on issues like immigration and gender equality  —   positions embodied with devious, irreverent glee by Mr. Yiannopoulos  —   that they feel are undermining the nation. Many liberals and moderates say, however, those positions amount to outright racism and misogyny. And the issue has cast an uncomfortable spotlight on a lucrative but often overlooked niche within the largely   publishing world. Every major publishing house has a conservative imprint  —   Penguin Random House has two, Sentinel and Crown Forum  —   and maintains a stable of   authors who may not attend literary festivals or mingle at the National Book Awards but command a sizable audience in red state America. Most mainstream publishers try to claim partisan neutrality and publish books across the political spectrum. (Simon  Schuster, for example, published Hillary Clinton’s memoir and campaign book, as well as Mr. Trump’s “Crippled America. ”) But occasionally, publishers get dragged into a political scrum. This past weekend, Broadside Books, a conservative imprint at HarperCollins, became embroiled in a controversy involving a CNN investigation that found that one of Broadside’s authors, the conservative radio host and columnist Monica Crowley, had plagiarized numerous passages in her 2012 best seller, “What the (Bleep) Just Happened. ” Ms. Crowley was recently selected by Mr. Trump to serve in a senior communications role at the National Security Council. In defending Ms. Crowley, the Trump transition team called the plagiarism charges “a politically motivated attack,” and described HarperCollins as one of “the largest and most respected publishers in the world,” invoking the company’s stature and reputation as way to lend credibility to the author. But on Tuesday, HarperCollins announced it was withdrawing the digital edition of the book until Ms. Crowley revises it with proper attribution, placing the publishing house in the awkward position of being at odds with the incoming administration. Conservative books have been a blockbuster category for publishers for decades, dating to the rise of   radio and cable in the 1980s. The genre exploded during Bill Clinton’s presidency and has thrived in the last eight years, under President Obama, as   writers forged a united front as ideological underdogs. For publishers, the books have been reliable cash cows. Bill O’Reilly’s historical “Killing” series has more than 17 million copies in print. In the weeks leading up to the election, the   lists were dominated by partisan polemics by Dinesh D’Souza, Michael Savage, Edward Klein and Gary J. Byrne, whose   book “Crisis of Character” sold some 247, 000 hardcover copies, according to Nielsen. But now, without conservatives filling the role as the voice of opposition, the urgency and potency of   books will almost certainly be diminished. And with the political principles that conservative writers have advocated  —   the repeal of Obamacare, a crackdown on immigration and the dismantling of environmental regulations  —   set to become the policy goals of a   government, the commercial future of conservative publishing looks far more unsettled. Publishers are proceeding cautiously. After the election, many editors quietly scrapped plans to publish books attacking Mrs. Clinton and canceled other sober reflections on the future of the Republican Party in the wake of a Trump defeat. Some are planning to release fewer titles in 2017. Others are returning to safer topics, like Ronald Reagan or the founding fathers. “Conservative publishing is always a better business when the other side is in power,” said Adam Bellow, the editorial director of a new political imprint at St. Martin’s Press. At the same time, the ideological identity of the right is murkier than it was before Mr. Trump became the nominee and then the   making it harder for conservatives to reach a broad readership. Will books that hold Mr. Trump accountable to his campaign pledges alienate his supporters, and will mainstream Republican politicians and pundits appeal to or repel his base? Will voices from more extreme wings of the Republican Party find a bigger foothold in publishing, further cementing their place in mainstream political discourse? In a way, it’s not surprising that a major publisher wants to appeal to Mr. Yiannopoulos’s base of young conservative followers. Mr. Bellow, who read Mr. Yiannopoulos’s proposal but did not bid on the book, said he was open to publishing other new voices from the     at St. Martin’s. “Donald Trump has brought into politics a lot of people who were previously excluded, and the boundary of political speech has shifted to the right,” Mr. Bellow said. “This is a new force in American politics, and they deserve to be heard. ” Simon  Schuster was far from alone in its willingness to embrace Mr. Yiannopoulos, according to his literary agent, Thomas Flannery Jr. who said “virtually every major conservative imprint expressed interest. ” Threshold  —   which has published books by Glenn Beck, Rush Limbaugh, Dick Cheney and, recently, Mr. Trump  —   was appealing to Mr. Yiannopoulos because “they don’t shy away from publishing controversial figures,” Mr. Flannery said. But the fury Simon  Schuster has encountered underscores the perils publishers face as they tailor their publishing plans to reflect volatile new political realities. Mr. Yiannopoulos, who is gay and describes himself in interviews as more of a cultural figure than a political one, is unlikely to appeal to older or more religious conservatives. His book “Dangerous”  —   which will address his relationship to the   his   role as a   crusader and his banishment from Twitter  —   is more of a memoir than a new conservative manifesto. Marji Ross, the president and publisher of Regnery, a conservative publishing house, said she considered Mr. Yiannopoulos’s book proposal but did not pursue it because she felt it would be too polarizing among mainstream conservatives. “Some of our market would have loved it, and some of our market would have been very uncomfortable with it,” Ms. Ross said. It is a dilemma many conservative writers and editors are now facing. As the political ideology of the right has been injected with populism and nationalism, conservative writers and publishers are wrestling with how to reach a wide audience now that a block of readers that was once reliably in lock step philosophically has splintered. Once dependable formulas for generating best sellers  —   write a book attacking the Clintons, plug it on Fox News, repeat  —   may no longer deliver a hit. “The 2016 election turned the political world upside down, and it also turned the publishing world upside down,” said Matt Latimer, a literary agent at Javelin whose clients include conservative writers. “The audience has fractured. A few years ago, a Paul Ryan book was widely embraced by conservative book buyers. Would Trump voters buy a Paul Ryan book today? I don’t know. ”   authors are also losing a reliable driver of book sales  —   the Clintons. Last year, Regnery alone had three   books that took aim at Mrs. Clinton, including its first graphic novel, “Clinton Cash,” adapted from the book by Peter Schweizer, and “Hillary’s America,” Mr. D’Souza’s book, which sold more than 200, 000 copies. “We had certainly planned to take advantage of those opportunities if Hillary Clinton had won the election, and we looked at several books that we had signed up or considered the day after the election and thought, well, those aren’t going to work,” Ms. Ross said. “Oftentimes, we have said here that what’s bad for America is good for Regnery book sales. ” Regnery has instead pivoted to courting Trump voters with forthcoming books like “How Trump Won,” by the Breitbart    Joel Pollak and Larry Schweikart, and a series of “Deplorables Guides” to issues like immigration, gun control and climate change, using a moniker Trump’s supporters adopted for themselves. “The mood of our market is far, far different with Trump as president than it would have been with Hillary Clinton as president,” Ms. Ross said. “It’s hopeful, but cautious. ”"
229,17543,D’Amato Removed From Plane After Urging Walkout Over Delays - The New York Times,New York Times,Eli Rosenberg and Warren Strugatch,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"Alfonse M. D’Amato, a former United States senator, has given many speeches in his day, trying to rouse his peers into action. Not all have worked. But of all those failed exhortations, none  —   at least, none known so far  —   have occurred on a JetBlue Airways flight, ending with Mr. D’Amato’s removal from the plane. Mr. D’Amato, 79, who represented New York as a Republican from 1981 to 1999, was removed from a JetBlue flight in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. after causing a conflict, according to the airline. The episode, captured in part on cellphone videos taken by passengers, was on a New   airplane at Fort   International Airport on Monday, days after a gunman killed five people there. The JetBlue flight, which had been scheduled to depart around 1:40 p. m. Monday, did not take off until about 8 p. m. after delays. During the delay, Mr. D’Amato stood in the aisle and urged other passengers to walk out with him, according to video of the episode. “We can still speak in this country,” Mr. D’Amato said in the video. “I am making an appeal to all you people. Stand up for what’s right and walk out with me. ” At least one unidentified passenger stood to join him. “I’m going,” he said. It is not exactly clear what prompted Mr. D’Amato’s response. The crew was trying to move passengers to address a weight imbalance, an airline spokesman said. A passenger, Jeffrey A. Wurst, said that the plane’s captain explained that about 10 people needed to move to the back of the plane from the front to balance how the cargo had been loaded. “I saw Al D’Amato go to the back, to one of the last rows,” Mr. Wurst said. “People spotted him and asked to take pictures. The captain then asked for more people to move. D’Amato gets up and starts” shouting, he said. Eventually, the police were called. An officer from the Broward County Sheriff’s Office can be seen walking toward Mr. D’Amato in the video. Mr. D’Amato seems to refer to the issue with the seats, speaking during an announcement that the plane would take off once everyone was seated. “I’m getting thrown out because I stood up and said to the captain, ‘Why don’t you do what you’re supposed to do? ’” Mr. D’Amato says in the video. “If you’re supposed to move two or three people, move them. And so he got annoyed at that, and I’m getting thrown out. ” As he walks by the open cockpit door, Mr. D’Amato can be seen telling the captain that he is a “poor excuse” for a leader. He turns to a flight attendant and appears to curse. JetBlue said that decisions to remove passengers from flights were not made lightly. “If a customer is causing a conflict on the aircraft, it is standard procedure to ask the customer to deplane, especially if the crew feels the situation runs a risk of escalation in flight,” the company said in a statement. Gary Lewi, a spokesman for Mr. D’Amato, said that the former senator was in Florida to visit an ailing friend. Mr. Lewi cited Mr. D’Amato’s frustration over the long delay and “sleep deprivation” as factors in the incident. “Anyone who knows Senator D’Amato knows he speaks his mind,” Mr. Lewi said in a statement. “JetBlue has apologized to the senator for overreacting, and the senator apologized for speaking his mind at a time when he clearly had left his patience at the gate. ” The sheriff’s office said it had referred the matter to JetBlue. The airline said no further action would be taken. The intensity of emotions raised by travel and the ubiquity of social media have combined to produce a perpetual stream of caustic episodes that spin into viral news after being captured on cellphone cameras. This year, tempers flared in the wake of an emotional presidential election. A video of a supporter of the   Donald J. Trump, taunting other passengers on a Delta Air Lines flight from Atlanta to Allentown, Pa. spread widely in November. The airline eventually barred the passenger for life. Weeks later, a man was kicked off a JetBlue flight about to depart from Kennedy International Airport after causing a disturbance upon learning Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, were on the flight. His husband posted about it on Twitter. Mr. Wurst said that what concerned him most about the D’Amato episode was the lack of civility. “What I find disappointing in the situation is that we were one terminal away from where a tragedy erupted on Friday,” he said."
230,17544,"Gay Veteran, 91, Gets Honorable Discharge After 69 Years - The New York Times",New York Times,Christine Hauser,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"For more than half a century, Hubert Edward Spires has lived with the painful memory of being kicked out of the Air Force as a young gay sergeant in the 1940s. The word “undesirable” was printed on his discharge records. But now, at 91, Mr. Spires said he can finally be at peace with that part of his life. On Friday, he was awakened by a phone call to his Connecticut home and learned that the Air Force Board for the Correction of Military Records had agreed to change his status. This time, his discharge would be described as “honorable. ” “It was a long haul,” Mr. Spires said on Tuesday in phone call from his home in Norwalk. “I got the confirmation that I had been looking for. ” Said his husband, David Rosenberg, whom he met in 1956 and married eight years ago: “His first words were, ‘It’s about time.’ ” Mr. Spires is one of the hundreds of gay former military personnel who have been emboldened by the 2010 repeal of the United States military’s Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell policy, which prohibited gay men and lesbians from serving openly in the military. In 2011, the federal government allowed changes to veterans’ military records, some of which had been labeled “undesirable” or “other than honorable. ” The incentives for doing so were sometimes financial. Such designations could make it difficult for the men and women who had served to get employment, loans or access to veterans benefits. But there was another, more important reason. “The respect factor,” said Matt Thorn, an executive director at   Legal Defense Network, which helps veterans with the application process needed to reverse such designations. “I served my country honorably I want that respect. And they should have that. ” Mr. Thorn said many go through an application process that can take up to 18 months. But for Mr. Spires, who recently recovered from pneumonia, it took years of effort that will now allow him to have a burial, when the time comes, with military honors. “I have to quietly go back into my shell now,” he said. “Because I am 91 years old, and my health is not all it should be. I can’t take on jobs that require energy because I don’t have it anymore, but I had it long enough to fight the G. D. Air Force and win,” he said. Brooke Brzozowske, a spokeswoman for the Air Force, said the service branch had denied 27 out of 157 requests for upgrades since the policy was repealed. “We were not necessarily discharging people for just being gay,” she said. “It was associated with misconduct if it was a dishonorable discharge. ” The military corrections board first received Mr. Spires’s application to get his status upgraded in 2014, but some of his discharge records had been destroyed in a fire in 1973 that also consumed those of other veterans of World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War, according to a copy of the records board statement about his case. Other documents found in 2016 showed he served in the military from 1946 to 1948, when he was discharged from Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio. To help his case, Mr. Spires also filed a lawsuit in Federal District Court for the District of Connecticut in November, assisted by the Yale Law School’s Veterans Legal Services Clinic. The lawsuit asserted that Mr. Spires’s rights had been violated after he encountered unreasonable delays in the Air Force review to change his discharge status to “honorable. ” According to the lawsuit and to Mr. Spires account, his life as a young chaplain’s assistant at the base included playing the organ at services and typing letters to distressed families. He attended social events with gay men outside of the base, he said. At a Halloween party in 1947, Mr. Spires dressed in a costume inspired by a sparkly laundry soap. Someone at the party informed his superiors that he was in drag, the lawsuit said. He was interrogated by military officials, threatened with a   and sent to hearings and psychiatrists, the suit says. He signed a statement saying he had engaged in “homosexual acts” to end an interrogation, the lawsuit said. “I never did anything on the base in uniform,” he said. “I had a whole slew of very good friends who were gay and lived off base. We partied together we had wonderful meals together and went to the opera together. We lived a very normal life. I did not dishonor the Air Force in any way by my actions,” Mr. Spires said in the interview. He was discharged and sent home to Lancaster, Ohio, in civilian clothes. Over the years, he destroyed his military records for fear his Catholic family would find out, he said. He found work in department stores and other jobs. He met Mr. Rosenberg in 1956 at a séance in New York. They have been companions ever since, marrying in 2009, Mr. Spires said. The court did not rule on Mr. Spires’s lawsuit, as the Air Force board resumed its review of Mr. Spires’s application. It finally said in its letter last week that he had no misconduct in the military and concluded there was “the existence of an injustice. ” Its recommendation: an honorable discharge dating to March 17, 1948. “I had a terrible time,” Mr. Spires said. “But now I have been able to put so much of that behind me, and now that I have got my honorable discharge, I hope these negative thoughts will leave me permanently. ” He added, “It has allowed me to not have to look over my shoulder all the time. ”"
231,17545,The Lights Are On in Detroit - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael Kimmelman,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"DETROIT  —   Just before the holidays, on a dark street a few blocks from downtown, a group of public officials crowded onto a makeshift stage before a shivering crowd, flipped a big switch  —   and the last of this city’s 65, 000 new streetlights blazed on. For years, urban decline here was encapsulated in headlines about Detroit’s lights going out. Nowadays, tales of the city’s slow recovery tend to focus on plucky hipsters from Los Angeles or Brooklyn colonizing abandoned spaces, opening pickle companies or tilling little urban agriculture plots. Glossy magazines acclaim Detroit as the next Berlin never mind that Germany’s reunified capital has always floated on a bed of cushy federal subsidies. Let’s hope that if anyone writes a history of Detroit’s rejuvenation, a chapter is devoted to the lights returning. Like picking up the trash, fixing potholes and responding to emergencies, these efforts signal that no matter where you live in Detroit, you are no longer forgotten  —   that government here can finally keep its basic promises. The city, postbankruptcy, is led by Mike Duggan, a strong mayor. Its most solid indicator of progress may come this year, with the release of census figures, Mr. Duggan told me. After generations of white and black flight, there’s hope the numbers will reveal, for the first time in decades, the population holding steady or even rising. So far, much news about growth has focused on downtown, where Dan Gilbert, the billionaire owner of Quicken Loans, is a vocal booster, and on Midtown, home to businesses like the luxury brand Shinola. A light rail under construction will soon link the two neighborhoods, doubling down on their redevelopment. All that said, Detroit is a large city with limited resources. It sprawls across 139 square miles (two and a half times the size of Miami) a preponderance of which remain blighted and empty, with few   prospects for prosperity. I made a pilgrimage to Sister Pie, a cozy corner bakery opened a few years ago by a gifted Brooklyn transplant in the troubled West Village area, where more new shops and restaurants have lately settled. West Village is being advertised as another pocket of resurgence. You sometimes even hear the G word  —   gentrification  —   bandied around. But drive a block or so from Sister Pie and you’ll still find street after street of   houses. This is where the new lights come in. They’re spread all across town. The project cost $185 million, paid by the city and the state. The  Public Lighting Authority of Detroit, backed by the mayor, received a critical assist from the Obama administration: Energy Department experts advised local officials to swap out the old, costly,   sodium lamps, which vandals had been stripping bare for copper wire. They recommended LED technology. Investments by the Obama administration in   lighting have reduced costs, making LEDs feasible for a city like Detroit. Three years ago, nearly half the 88, 000 streetlights in the city were out of commission. The more potent LED lights allow the authority to replace those 88, 000 old fixtures with 65, 000 new ones, strong enough for you to read one of those glossy magazines after dark. The whole thing came in under budget and on time. When was the last time anyone could say that about a major infrastructure project in Detroit? “An example of how good government should work,” as Lorna L. Thomas, chairwoman of the lighting authority, put it at the   ceremony. It’s also an example of how one smart   decision can have ripple effects. Some residents here grumbled about fewer lights. That said, the stronger new ones turn out to save Detroit nearly $3 million in electric bills. They use aluminum wiring, which nobody wants to strip, discouraging crime. The technology even cuts carbon emissions by more than 40, 000 tons a year  —   equivalent to “taking 11, 000 cars off of your streets,” Shaun Donovan, Mr. Obama’s director of the Office of Management and Budget, pointed out at the lighting event, as well as “putting more money in the city’s pockets to do more good things. ” Good things like investing in development beyond the   core. I met with the city’s new planning and housing chiefs, who outlined a bold agenda to target dense areas, like the one around Livernois Avenue, between Seven Mile Road and Eight Mile Road, the city’s former luxury fashion district. Homegrown entrepreneurs like Rufus Bartell, catering to a young, more   population, are reviving the avenue. Mr. Bartell and his family have opened nearly a dozen businesses along Livernois, including Kuzzo’s Chicken  Waffles, where he and I convened one recent morning over breakfast. The place was mobbed, as usual. Businesses like Kuzzo’s pretty much had to shut down by dinnertime during the winter when the lights were out, Mr. Bartell told me. “People didn’t want to go out to eat or shop after the sun went down,” he said. He gestured out the window toward a shop across the street. “I own a store that sells furs and leather goods, with a customer base that skews older. Foot traffic almost fell to zero after dark. Since the lights came on, it’s up 15 percent across this neighborhood. ” Back at Sister Pie, I talked with Shannon Smith, 26, another Detroit native, who said he had grown up in Cody Rouge, an area on the northwest side of the city where getting to and from the bus stop as a teenager was a   nightmare when streetlights failed. He and other schoolchildren all across town waited in the dark for   buses that often didn’t arrive on schedule. “I was especially vulnerable whenever it snowed, because the city didn’t clear the sidewalks,” Mr. Smith recalled. City officials told me that since 2014, using federal Department of Transportation funding, Detroit has added 80 buses, hired dozens of drivers and increased ridership by approximately 100, 000 trips a week. Buses are critical to bringing together the   areas of newly targeted development. It’s one of the cruel (many here say racist) burdens of life in Detroit that automobile insurance rates for city residents are through the roof many can’t afford a car. Like the streetlights, buses restore the fabric of the streets and   a base line of normalcy. I made one last stop, at Louisiana Creole Gumbo, a       restaurant near downtown. Joe Spencer has owned Louisiana Creole since the early 1980s. It catered to neighborhood workers before drug dealers moved in and the lights went out. Now the lights are on, Mr. Spencer said, and diners are returning at night. But more important, he said, the lights demonstrate that City Hall followed through on a promise: “Residents stopped trusting government, and without trust people won’t want to settle here or start a business. The mayor said he’d turn the lights back on. He did. ” Among ripple effects, trust may be the most invaluable. As I said, one smart design move."
232,17546,Israel Museum Names Director - The New York Times,New York Times,Robin Pogrebin,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"A year after James S. Snyder announced his decision to step down as director, the Israel Museum in Jerusalem has chosen his successor: Eran Neuman, currently the director of the David Azrieli School of Architecture at Tel Aviv University, will begin the position on Feb. 19. Mr. Snyder, who served for 20 years and becomes director emeritus, will continue in the newly created role of international president, developing the museum’s network of organizations, programming, collections and facilities. Mr. Neuman is also the founder of the Azrieli Architectural Archive at the Tel Aviv Museum of Art and the   of Open Source Architecture, an international research collaborative. “Eran is someone who knows how to build institutional resources, create collaborative initiatives and bring new ideas to life,” Mr. Snyder said in a statement. “He is both an innovator and a scholar. ”"
233,17547,Artist Charged With Trespassing in ‘Hollyweed’ Sign Prank - The New York Times,New York Times,Daniel Victor,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"A man who admitted changing the Hollywood sign to “Hollyweed” has turned himself in to the authorities. Zachary Cole Fernandez, a    artist, surrendered on Monday with his lawyer at his side, according to the Los Angeles Police Department. He was booked on a misdemeanor trespassing charge and released on bail. The sign was changed about 3 a. m. on Jan. 1, when two O’s were partly obscured by sheets and turned into E’s. It remained that way throughout the morning before the sign was restored. In a phone interview, Mr. Fernandez said he considered the results more of an art installation than a prank. “Yeah, I broke the rules, but I broke it with good spirit and good intentions,” he said on Tuesday. “It was just to bring light and positivity and happiness. ” But David Ryu, a Los Angeles councilman, remained unamused. “Pranks of this nature deplete the resources of our valuable public safety personnel, in both responding to the prank and in responding to the increased crowds and copycat attempts that these incidents generate,” he said in a statement on Monday. “My office has urged the city attorney and L. A. P. D. to investigate and prosecute this case, as well as all attempts to trespass near, alter, or vandalize the sign. ” Mr. Fernandez is expected to appear in court on Feb. 15. He said he had been inspired by a similar alteration in 1976, and that he had used clamps and sheets so as not to damage the sign. “I don’t want to destroy anything,” he said. “I’m about peace and love and respect and integrity and a lot of things that in some ways are missing these days. I wanted to show there’s a light in the world. ” A father of four children ranging in age from 3 to 9, Mr. Fernandez said he had been told he could face up to six months in jail. He said he saw that as excessive for a “harmless” art project, but would accept any consequences. “I’m a person of integrity,” he said. “If I do something wrong, I will own up to it. ”"
234,17548,A Bumblebee Gets New Protection on Obama’s Way Out - The New York Times,New York Times,Tatiana Schlossberg and John Schwartz,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"The Obama administration, rushing to secure its environmental legacy, has increased protection for a humble bumblebee. The   bumblebee, once common across the continental United States, has been designated an endangered species by the Fish and Wildlife Service: the country’s first bumblebee, and the first bee from the lower 48 states, to be added to the register. Seven bees were previously listed as endangered, but they are found only in Hawaii. Since the late 1990s, the population of the   bumblebee has declined by nearly 90 percent, a result of a combination of factors, including exposure to pesticides, climate change, habitat loss and disease, federal wildlife officials said. The species, once found in 28 states, the District of Columbia and two Canadian provinces, is found today only in small pockets of its   habitat. The designation will accelerate efforts to protect the bees’ habitat and to reduce the use of pesticides that are killing them. It is the latest in a flurry of   efforts to protect the environment and preserve President Obama’s legacy on climate change. In the last month, he has issued a permanent ban on offshore oil and gas drilling in large areas of the Arctic and much of the Eastern Seaboard announced two new national monuments in Utah and Nevada, protecting 1. 65 million acres of federal land and denied six permits for oil exploration in the Atlantic, partly because the seismic testing harms marine animals. And the announcement about the bee came a day after the Fish and Wildlife Service said that   climate change is the biggest threat to the polar bear’s survival, and that without significant action to fight global warming, the bears will most likely vanish. Federal wildlife officials noted that the process of listing a species as endangered can take years, sometimes even decades. More than 300 species have been listed during the Obama administration, second only to the more than 500 species listed under President Bill Clinton. During the George W. Bush administration, just 62 species were added to the list. Noah Greenwald, endangered species director for the Center for Biological Diversity, an environmental advocacy group, said activists were worried “that we’re headed into another period like that, where hostility from the administration toward protecting endangered species causes them to shut the listing program down. ” The incoming Trump administration, however, would need to undertake a lengthy process to declare the   bumblebee population recovered if it wished to reverse this week’s decision, and it would be required by law to justify its action on scientific grounds. The role of these bees and other   insects is important, Tom Melius, the Fish and Wildlife Service’s Midwest regional director, said in a statement. “Pollinators are small but mighty parts of the natural mechanism that sustains us and our world,” he said. “Without them, our forests, parks, meadows and shrub lands, and the abundant, vibrant life they support, cannot survive, and our crops require laborious, costly pollination by hand. ” Around the world, the populations of bees, butterflies and other insects that promote plant growth are crashing, a threat not only to biodiversity but also to the global food supply. A study last year from a group associated with the United Nations warned that an increasing number of species that aid the growth of hundreds of billions of dollars’ worth of food each year face extinction. “Obviously, it’s sad that anything has to get on the endangered list, but this really provides a great opportunity,” said Dennis vanEngelsdorp of the University of Maryland, a bee expert who applauded the government’s decision. “When you’re talking about saving the bumblebees, what you’re really talking about is saving the community. ” The kinds of measures that could protect the   bumblebee could help many other pollinators, as well, by restoring habitats and food sources and restricting the use of pesticides  —   especially   insecticides that have been linked to the decline in bee species. Such measures are especially important with native bumblebees, Dr. vanEngelsdorp noted, as opposed to honeybees, which are maintained in large colonies and trucked around the country for commercial pollination. The service is reviewing three other species of bees to determine whether they ought to be listed as endangered as well: Franklin’s bumblebee, the western bumblebee and the   bumblebee. When a species is listed as endangered, the Fish and Wildlife Service is required to design a recovery plan, which is often carried out by other agencies, nongovernmental organizations, universities and tribes. Other federal agencies have to check that their actions will not hurt an endangered species or its habitat, particularly when it comes to land use planning. Bumblebees are particularly effective pollinators because, though they seem to prefer native flowers, they will pollinate pretty much anything and can fly in lower temperatures and lower light conditions than many other insects. They also use the technique of “buzz pollination,” in which they grab the   part of the flower in their jaws and vibrate their wings, shaking the pollen loose, a process that seems to benefit plants like tomatoes, peppers and cranberries, according to the Fish and Wildlife Service. Bumblebees are particularly important to agriculture, but agriculture is often unkind to them. A number of factors have reduced the habitat available to bees, including the use of pesticides and other chemicals, the domination of vast amounts of farmland by a single crop, and the use of some genetically modified crops and herbicides that prevent the growth of weeds in fields and wildflowers along their borders. Climate change may also be shrinking the bees’ habitat, because of drought, rising temperatures, more storms and mismatches in timing: Plants may start to flower at times when the bees are not ready to pollinate. It also presents serious threats to the migration patterns of monarch butterflies and other pollinators, such as honeybees. While these species may not be as visible or as charismatic as polar bears or other mammals whose existences are threatened by a changing climate, placing them on the endangered list is a victory for the species and those who fight for it. “Now we have a symbol to rally around,” Dr. vanEngelsdorp said."
235,17549,Artists and Critics Call for Culture ‘Strike’ on Inauguration Day - The New York Times,New York Times,Andrew R. Chow,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"More than 130 artists and critics have signed a petition calling for cultural institutions to close on Friday, Jan. 20, the day of   Donald J. Trump’s inauguration. Cindy Sherman, Richard Serra, Louise Lawler, Joan Jonas and Julie Mehretu were among the art stars signing the invitation for a “J20 Art Strike,” which urges museums, galleries, concert halls, art schools and nonprofit institutions to close to protest “the normalization of Trumpism,” according to a statement. “It is not a strike against art, theater or any other cultural form. It is an invitation to motivate these activities anew, to reimagine these spaces as places where resistant forms of thinking, seeing, feeling and acting can be produced. ” Ms. Jonas, who represented the United States at the 2015 Venice Biennale, said in an interview that she hoped people would attend protests on Jan. 20. “I’m interested in action and protest and people expressing their feelings about this situation that we’re in,” she said. “I’m concerned about minorities, immigrants, corruption and security. ” Cultural institutions around the country are still mulling their moves, with some, including the Museum of Modern Art, MoMA PS1 and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art (Lacma) pledging to maintain their regular hours that day. “Our entire program and mission, every day, is an expression of inclusion and appreciation of every culture,” Miranda Carroll, Lacma’s director of communications, wrote in an email. The Whitney Museum will also remain open, but will implement     admission for the day, hoping to encourage discussion. “The museum will offer programming that reflects our commitment to open dialogue, civic engagement and the diversity of American art and culture,” Danielle Bias, its senior communications manager, said in a statement. Melissa Parsoff, director of communications for the nonprofit Dia Art Foundation, said, “We plan to be open but we are continuing to discuss this and to see how the situation unfolds in the coming days. ” She added, “We are giving our staff the opportunity to take the time off if they want to attend the protest. ” Many universities will be closed anyway on Jan. 20  —   it’s winter break. “If your school is open and relevant, you should go to school,” said Tom Eccles, the executive director of Bard College’s Center for Curatorial Studies. “Inauguration Day is symbolic but let’s not just make it a day of symbolism. What we have to worry about is the next four years. At a certain moment in history, one has to retrench and consider the forms of resistance one is promoting. The struggle is long, and I would say it is not our role to close. It is our role to watch, to listen, to encourage. ”"
236,17550,"Michael Chamberlain, Father of Baby Killed by a Dingo in Australia, Dies at 72 - The New York Times",New York Times,Niraj Chokshi,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"It was a mystery that captivated Australia for years, inspired a Meryl Streep movie and tormented a couple for more than three decades. Now, one of the central figures in the case  —   in which a dingo, a type of wild dog found in Australia, was found to have killed the couple’s    baby girl  —   has died. Michael Chamberlain, a former pastor who fought for decades to prove to the world that the animal was responsible for his daughter’s disappearance, died on Monday, his former wife, Lindy Chamberlain, told The Associated Press. He was 72. The cause was complications of acute leukemia, according to The Sydney Morning Herald. The couple’s ordeal began in 1980, when their daughter, Azaria, disappeared from the family tent while on a trip to the Australian outback. Despite a lack of evidence  —   a body was never found  —   blame for the disappearance soon fell on the couple. Ms. Chamberlain, who said that she had seen a dingo slip out of the tent, was convicted of murder in 1982 and was sentenced to life in prison. Mr. Chamberlain was found guilty of being an accessory to murder after the fact. Three years later, new evidence absolved them both. But the Chamberlains still struggled for years to win over public opinion. They were helped by the book “Evil Angels,” by John Bryson, published in 1985, which offered a scathing review of the prosecution botching forensic evidence, and by the 1988 film “A Cry in the Dark,” which was based on that book and starred Ms. Streep and Sam Neill as the couple. But the movie also turned their misfortunes into a joke in the United States, inspiring material for shows such as “Seinfeld” and “The Simpsons. ” The strain on the family was ultimately too strong. In 1990, Ms. Chamberlain published a book, “Through My Eyes,” which portrayed her husband unkindly, according to The Sydney Morning Herald. A year later, the couple divorced. Michael Leigh Chamberlain was born on Feb. 27, 1944, in Christchurch, New Zealand, to Ivan and Greta Chamberlain, according to the newspaper, and met Lindy in 1968 while studying theology at college in Australia. A year later, he graduated and they married. They had two sons before Azaria was born, and another daughter after. A complete list of survivors was not immediately available. In 1994, Mr. Chamberlain married Ingrid Bergner. Within a few years, he had a daughter with Ms. Bergner, wrote his first book and began working toward the doctorate he earned in 2002 from the University of Newcastle. In 2011, Ms. Bergner had a stroke and Mr. Chamberlain became her   caretaker. The next year, a tearful coroner, Elizabeth Morris, apologized to Michael and Lindy Chamberlain as she brought their   fight to an end: Azaria, she concluded in a fourth inquest, died as a result of being taken by a dingo. “I am here to tell you that you can get justice even when you think that all is lost,’’ Mr. Chamberlain said after the ruling. “But truth must be on your side. ”"
237,17551,"The Hunger Strike, the Protest Tactic of Gandhi, is Vexing Iran’s Penal Overseers - The New York Times",New York Times,Thomas Erdbrink,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"TEHRAN  —   The hunger strike, a pressure tactic of   used by political protesters around the world, is forcing Iran’s powerful judiciary to reconsider the conditions of at least one of its inmates after several started fasts that are leading to widespread support on social media. The exact number of hunger strikers in Iranian prisons is unclear, but according to human rights organizations and reports in local media outlets, seven inmates, sentenced for crimes against the state, have refused to eat for intervals ranging from several weeks to more than two months. Their backgrounds vary, but they include an antigovernment protester, a children’s rights activist, an ayatollah, a spiritual leader and a Lebanese computer technology specialist convicted of espionage. It is not possible to verify their conditions because of restrictions preventing foreign reporters from visiting Iranian prisons without permission. While some members of Iran’s Parliament have said on their social media accounts that they are investigating the reports, other officials have dismissed the hunger strikes as plots organized by foreign opposition groups. Conservative critics further argue that the extensive support for the hunger strikers seen on social media networks is an exaggeration created by automated messages. One of the inmates, Arash Sadeghi, stopped his strike last Tuesday, after the judiciary met his demand to temporarily release his imprisoned wife. She was transferred back to prison on Saturday, said the couple’s lawyer, Amir Raeesian. Refusing to eat to protest conditions in prison is illegal in Iran, but is not uncommon. However, the number of inmates now simultaneously fasting, in combination with a large social media campaign, is unusual in the country. It also providing a publicity platform for those in prison, Iranian analysts say. “The success is clearly motivating others to join,” said Nader Karimi Joni, a journalist close to the reformist factions in Iran. Two of the hunger strikers, Mr. Sadeghi and Ali Shariati, have been convicted of crimes against the state  —   charges that by Western standards would make them political prisoners. They went for nearly 70 days without food, advocates say, surviving on water and salts. Mr. Sadeghi received a   sentence last year for offenses like “provoking protest gatherings,” “conniving with counterrevolutionaries against the system,” “making propaganda against the system,” “insulting Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei” and “insulting the sharia,” his lawyer, Mr. Raeesian, said. The “system” is an Iranian ideological term for the country’s political establishment: a coterie of clerics, commanders and revolutionary comrades. Mr. Sadeghi’s sentence is lengthy even by Iranian standards, and reflects what rights activists regard as a new trend in which relatively unknown offenders receive long sentences, often as a warning to others. He began his fast on Oct. 24 after his wife, Golrokh   started serving a   prison term for an unpublished story found on her private computer about a woman watching a film about a stoning and burning a Quran in anger afterward. She was convicted on blasphemy charges. Mr. Shariati, 30, is serving a   sentence for his involvement in a 2014 protest supporting the female victims of acid attacks. He is demanding to be released. Their ordeals have galvanized supporters to highlight the hunger strikes on messaging platforms, using hashtags like #savearash and #sosali. Both became worldwide trending topics on Twitter. The use of the hunger strike in Iran has in some ways put the government in an embarrassing position, as it exalted the Northern Ireland hunger strikers who once vexed the British. The embassy of Britain in Tehran is on Bobby Sands Street, renamed for the Provisional I. R. A. member who was imprisoned in Northern Ireland and died in 1981 after refusing to eat for 66 days. An Iranian journalist, Reza Dehaki, a supporter of his country’s hunger strikes, noted that incongruity. “In the regulations for Iranian prisons, hunger strike is against the law, but we have a street named after #Bobby_Sands the most renowned person who went on hunger strike! #contradiction #savearash,” Mr. Dehaki wrote on his Twitter account. Last Monday, a group of around 50 activists, ignoring the dangers that come with organizing unauthorized protests in Iran, gathered in front of Tehran’s Evin prison, where Mr. Sadeghi and Mrs.   are being held, and called for their release. A day later, Iran’s judiciary capitulated to a crucial demand of Mr. Sadeghi. Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi, Tehran’s prosecutor, announced that Mrs.   would be given a leave from prison. Mr. Sadeghi ended his fast, after 72 days. “He was brought to a hospital Saturday, after four days,” said his lawyer, Mr. Raeesian. The judiciary, dominated by Iran’s   is engaged in a barely veiled battle with the government of President Hassan Rouhani, which is seeking to limit its powers. Some   say the hunger strikes have been organized with Mr. Rouhani’s tacit support to embarrass the judiciary. Last month Mr. Rouhani released what he called a citizenship rights charter that outlined the personal freedoms of Iranians. “The government, by giving out such charters, is adding fuel to the fire of the hunger strikes,” said Hamidreza Taraghi, a   political analyst. “These are all opportunities for outsiders to apply new pressure on Iran. ” The other hunger strikers are in prisons scattered across the country. Information on their conditions is leaking out through   human rights organizations and local opposition websites. One of the inmates, Ayatollah Mohammad Reza Nekounam, was reported to have been hospitalized on Saturday after 15 days of fasting, according to his website. He is accused of having relations with “spirits,” but supporters say he has been critical of the religious establishment. A children’s rights activist, Saeed Shirzad, 27, has vowed not to eat for at least a month and supporters say he had his lips sewn closed. An open letter with his name on it, published on a Kurdish website, said he was protesting the lack of basic rights for prisoners. Mehdi Kukhian and Karim Chaichian, imprisoned for “spreading propaganda” over the internet, have been on hunger strike for the last three weeks, according to Oyan News, a website promoting the Azari language that the Iranian authorities have sought to block. Another hunger striker, a spiritual healer named Mohammad Ali Taheri, is accused of leading a cult, his supporters say. The Lebanese man sentenced to 10 years for spying, Nizar Zakka, started a hunger strike on Dec. 8, according to the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran, a group based in New York. For inmates, refusing to eat is sometimes the only way to be heard, one prominent Iranian human rights lawyer said. “To do a hunger strike is a last resort for inmates and political prisoners, who are arrested at midnight, interrogated in unknown jails, under horrible pressures, while their families witnessing the ordeals from afar, what can they do but go on hunger strike?” said the lawyer, Nasrin Sotoudeh, who was imprisoned herself for several years. “It is incredibly hard, but in some cases it leads to success. ” In 2012, while serving a   sentence, Mrs. Sotoudeh went on a hunger strike for 49 days after authorities refused to allow her    daughter to leave the country. She fell into fragile health, drinking only water mixed with salts and sugar. Her weight dropped to 95 pounds. It was the second time that Ms. Sotoudeh had stopped eating. She declared her first hunger strike in 2010, after her family was forbidden to visit or make phone calls. In that showdown, the authorities capitulated after four weeks, allowing her husband and two children to visit weekly. Mrs. Sotoudeh, who was given the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought by the European Parliament in 2012, said she was haunted by the deprivations of those protests, even though she prevailed. “I am over 50 years old and I have sustained several diseases, suffered pains for different reasons physically,” she said. “But I should say the hunger strike was the most painful experience which I have suffered in my life and I will never forget it. ”"
238,17552,"Review: ‘Nicotine,’ the Stuff of Burning Desire - The New York Times",New York Times,Dwight Garner,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"The best cigarette you will ever smoke, Gregor Hens writes in his new memoir, “Nicotine,” is the relapse cigarette. It tastes better, he adds, “the longer the prior abstinence. ” This is dangerous knowledge. More than a few smokers relapsed after Sept. 11. Others did after the recent presidential election, as if heeding the poet James Dickey’s dictum that “guilt is magical. ” Some of us barely keep the urge at bay. There’s a dark sliver in a former smoker’s mind that   for dire events, so as to justify lighting up again. But it’s not as if we need large cues, Mr. Hens writes, when small ones will do. “Every form of cigarette ad gives me a pang of longing, every   carelessly   cigarette packet at a bus stop, every   cigarette butt, every beautiful woman holding a cigarette between her fingers or just looking like she could be holding one,” he writes. “My reading chair in Columbus gives me a pang, and M. ’s balcony in Berlin, and my old Jeep because I’ve smoked some of the best cigarettes while driving. ” Mr. Hens is a German writer and translator who has lived and taught in the United States. “Nicotine” is the first of his own books to be issued in English. It’s a hybrid volume: part memoir, part philosophical lament. It doesn’t always click. There are passages (“I saw myself as a part of a field of tension”) that, in this translation by Jen Calleja, veer close to psychobabble. But when “Nicotine” stays dry, earthy and combustible, like a Virginia tobacco blend, it has a lot to say and says it well. The author does not resemble your idea of a former serious smoker. There Mr. Hens is,   and dimpled, in his author photo on the back flap. He looks as if he were ready to bag organic carrots during his weekend stint at the food  . Indeed, he writes, he is a serious cyclist, a participant in triathlons and a member of the German Alpine Association. He’s been a health nut all along, at least in between long bouts of smoking. I can’t decide if this is suspicious or insane, like that famous photograph of the Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Len Dawson, taking a deep drag on a cigarette in the locker room during halftime of Super Bowl I in 1967. “I’ve smoked well over a hundred thousand cigarettes in my life, and each one of those cigarettes meant something to me,” Mr. Hens writes. He goes on: “I’ve smoked cold cigarette butts, cigars, cigarillos, bidis, kreteks, spliffs and straw. I’ve missed flights because of cigarettes and burnt holes in trousers and car seats. I’ve singed my eyelashes and eyebrows, fallen asleep while smoking and dreamt of cigarettes  —   of relapses and fires and bitter withdrawal. ” He sees this book as a chance finally to put the urge behind him, to comprehend it, seal it and bury it. He writes about his childhood. His father smoked so much that the author thought smoking was the older man’s job. His mother, a stylish woman who drove a   Range Rover, smoked more when she was depressed. There’s a faded romance in the European brand names of the cigarettes he or his family members smoked: Finas Kyriazi Frères Kims Murattis filterless Senior Services Erntes Van Nelle Halfzwares. This book takes us to unusual and evocative locations, too, such as the Frisian island of Borkum. Mr. Hens recounts a drive to the German city of Balderschwang, which sounds like a word an American politician would utter when something livelier than “poppycock” was required. He is especially good on how those who quit become vicarious smokers. “Sometimes I walk around the city and imagine that others are smoking on my behalf,” he writes. “I silently thank the smokers in front of the cafes and office buildings and in smoking areas, imagining that they do it for me, for my inner contentment. I have people smoke for me. ” Like any author worth reading, Mr. Hens is sometimes best when he goes   dispatching obiter dicta. He is brutal about the Midwest. (“The most insignificant city in the United States is Columbus, Ohio. ”) He’s interesting about aphorisms and our need to attach them, usually erroneously, to famous people. He considers how often we utter the phrase “no worries” when, in fact, we are murderously aggrieved. He charts the passing of time by noting how the white tennis balls of his youth have become neon green. This book is not a deep dive into smoking and literature, or into smoking and films. He doesn’t go out of his way to conjure the romance of two lit cigarettes and a corner table. “Nicotine” mostly omits the social pleasures of smoking. Mr. Hens is, with a metaphorical carton of American Spirits under his arm, a smoking section of one. His lapidary prose will sometimes put you in mind of the   Norwegian writer Karl Ove Knausgaard’s, though Mr. Knausgaard is generally more penetrating. The small    photographs in “Nicotine” recall the images in some of W. G. Sebald’s books. This edition of “Nicotine” includes an introduction by the English writer Will Self that belongs in the hall of fame of bad introductions. Mr. Self (never has his name seemed so apt) tries to   Mr. Hens by bragging at length about his own peerless nicotine addiction. This introduction is profitably torn out, the way smokers of unfiltered cigarettes tear the filters from Marlboros. This seems like the place to mention that Mr. Hens compares the cottony insides of a cigarette filter, perfectly, to “artichoke hair. ” Someday, surely, smoking will be outlawed. Who will smoke the last unfiltered Camel? Some of us who quit years ago like to imagine that we will start again at the end of our lives. We agree with the English writer Charles Lamb, who hoped that “the last breath I draw in this world will be through a pipe, and exhaled in a pun. ”"
239,17553,Danielle Brooks: The First Time I Saw Myself on a Billboard - The New York Times,New York Times,Danielle Brooks,2017-03-22,2017.0,3.0,,"It was June 2012, and I had just sped out of the crowded subway into a sea of people on 34th Street. I stopped to collect myself, to figure out which way I needed to walk to get to my next errand. I was somewhere between Seventh and Eighth Avenues and couldn’t see the street sign from that far away, so I turned my head to the right. Lo and behold, there it was, right above HM: a beautiful collage of 13 diverse faces for the new hit television series “Orange Is the New Black”  —   me among them. Just five years before this day, I was packing my toothbrush, my most beloved family photos and my favorite walking shoes. I was headed to the Juilliard School. Seventeen years old. Bright,   with a head full of bushy hair, ready to sprout into a world unlike Simpsonville, S. C. the rural area where I grew up. I never would have guessed a year after graduating, now 22, I would see my face on a billboard. The feeling was exhilarating. I stood there witnessing thousands of people walk by my face, glance at my face. My heart was so happy I almost forgot why I was even in Herald Square to begin with. When I was a kid, the famous Apollo Theater had come to my hometown to audition kids for “Showtime at the Apollo. ” My parents had allowed me to audition not once, not twice, but three times. For this chubby,   chocolate    the third time was not the charm. I remember crying as I walked back to the car with my father. “Danielle, only one out of thousands of thousands of people will make it,” he reminded me, referring to the entertainment business. I remember thinking to myself: Well, I want to be that one. After four years of fictional incarceration and three other billboards for “Orange Is the New Black,” I was offered the indescribable chance to play Sofia in the Broadway revival of “The Color Purple. ” I had no idea that it would even be possible to do both at the same time. Thank God everyone was willing to play ball, and let me play on both Team Purple and Team Orange. Months before starting rehearsals for the show, the other two leads and I had glammed up for our first promo shoot. By the time we were headed into previews, taking those photos had vanished from my memory until one random fall day. My best friend had come to visit from South Carolina. As we were walking through the subway station, I turned to my left, and that   feeling crept over me once more. There it was, my second ad for the   gig of my career. We cried a bit, giggled a bit, took an   (you might call it a selfie) and headed to the theater for her first Broadway show. She was so proud of her friend, and I was so proud to make her proud. In my fifth year as a professional actress, another experience came my way  —   modeling. Christian Siriano had dressed me for awards shows, and we had built a great working relationship but also a true friendship. He had graciously asked if I wanted to be his muse for his new line for Lane Bryant. Knowing that its mission statement focused on empowering women, I was sure this would be a good fit for me and what I stood for. Without hesitation, I said yes. Soon after, Lane Bryant approached me to be one of the faces of its fall campaign. I was thrilled! After shooting photos, I received an email showing me how the ad team planned on using them: on billboards, subway ads and   buses in Los Angeles and New York. I was so excited. One night, I was on set and my manager sent me a text: Check your email, but make sure you are sitting. I was getting anxious, and of course the service up in Rockland County, where we shoot “Orange,” was as slow as molasses. I sat as instructed, trying to take deep patient breaths, waiting for the email to come through. It finally opened, and there it was  —   a sketch photo of me on a billboard in Times Square. Not just any billboard, but the one Sean Combs, also known as Diddy, was hogging for years. Eighteen stories high. It would be replaced with the nearly   image of this       girl from South Carolina in a leotard and heels. Yeah, I needed to sit. As soon as the billboard went up, people started to post pictures of it. The first time I saw it in person, I was in a car, being driven home from “The Color Purple. ” “OMG,” I screamed. “That’s me. Those are my thighs. Pull over. ” I felt like my parents had when they first met Oprah. They were so excited they got out of the car before it was fully parked. That was me now. I started to cry. To be blessed with all I’ve received in life leaves me speechless. What made this different? This was the first time I was on a billboard by myself. I wasn’t in a costume. I wasn’t Taystee. I wasn’t Sofia. I was Danielle Brooks. And at the bottom of the billboard were the words “See Danielle shine. ” No denying I was shining. The sky was shining that night something special. Not from the LED lights or neon signs of Times Square, but because the dreams of that determined    girl with dark skin and kinky hair had been realized. For the first time, the possibilities felt limitless, and I quietly said to myself, “Dad, I made it!”"
240,17554,"For Troubled Student, a Change of School and Direction - The New York Times",New York Times,John Otis,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"For Najairee Davis, high school was synonymous with bouts of anger and frustration. She had the hallway fights, suspensions and detention to prove it. Early in Ms. Davis’s high school career, her father was incarcerated on manslaughter charges. “I was just angry,” Ms. Davis, 18, recalled. “I wouldn’t talk to anybody. I wasn’t feeling good about anything. ” Academics were no longer a priority she shut everyone out. And if pressed on anything, she said, she would pick fights with classmates. Ms. Davis got a bad reputation at school, and said it was not long before teachers simply assumed she was to blame for any confrontation. Everyone else went unpunished, she said. Her principal at Frederick Douglass Academy in West Harlem suggested she might benefit from transferring to a different school, one designed for students who struggle in more traditional education settings. Her boyfriend had attended such a school, and compared the experience to being surrounded by a supportive family. “A family at school?” she recalled telling her boyfriend. “I’m not really into people that much. ” But in September 2015, Ms. Davis took a chance and enrolled at the Brooklyn High School for Leadership and Community Service, a transfer school for students who are falling short of the credits they need to graduate. The school is a joint venture between New York City’s Education Department and Brooklyn Community Services, one of The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund’s eight beneficiary organizations. “I just felt like I wasn’t that excited about school anymore,” Ms. Davis said. “It wasn’t exciting to me anymore, until I came to Leadership. ” At her new school, she received support from teachers who were compassionate and understanding and knew every student by name. She was also assigned an advocate counselor, who was on call to help with problems Ms. Davis had outside school. It became clear, she said, that Leadership was going to be a different kind of place to learn. “I have to do better,” Ms. Davis said. “It can’t be like my old school. It has to be different. ” Her classmates became friends, not targets of fights. After she became pregnant last year and the pregnancy started to show, teachers and students did not judge her as she walked the halls, she said. Instead, they fawned over her baby bump and wanted to know about her baby shower. Ms. Davis gave birth to her son, Kyree Cooper, in July. “There’s not one day he doesn’t make me happy,” she said. Recently, she moved out of a home in Brownsville, Brooklyn, where she had lived with the grandmother who raised her. She moved in with Kyree’s father and grandfather. It was important that Ms. Davis’s grandmother not feel pressure to raise Kyree, she said. Ms. Davis earns money through a   internship with Educational Video Center, a program run by the Leadership school. “I don’t want to be depending on anyone,” she said. “Even if it isn’t the most money in the world, I want to get things for myself that I purchased with my   money. ” Brooklyn Community Services has continued to help. Recently, it used $300 in Neediest Cases funds to buy winter clothing for Ms. Davis and Kyree. Ms. Davis is on track to graduate by March. And she has fixed her sights on a career as an ultrasound technician. “After becoming pregnant, I felt that job was a good job,” she said. “I can be part of other people’s milestones, see their baby’s heartbeat for the first time. ” Newfound independence has so far proved more liberating than frightening. Even with the pitfalls of parenting she knows she will encounter, she said, she is determined to evolve and improve with each challenge she surmounts. “I just want to experience stuff on my own,” Ms. Davis said. “I want to make mistakes on my own. I know how it is having a parent saying, ‘That’s not how you do it.’ I want to learn that’s not how you do it. I want to try new things and be different. ” About her son, she said, “I want to raise him the way I want to raise him. ”"
241,17556,Donald Trump Concedes Russia’s Interference in Election - The New York Times,New York Times,Julie Hirschfeld Davis and Maggie Haberman,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"  Donald J. Trump on Wednesday conceded for the first time that Russia had carried out cyberattacks against the two major political parties during the presidential election, but he angrily rejected unsubstantiated reports that Moscow had gathered compromising personal and financial information about him that could be used for extortion. In a chaotic news conference in the lobby of Trump Tower in Manhattan nine days before he is to be sworn in as the nation’s 45th president, Mr. Trump compared United States intelligence officials to Nazis, sidestepped repeated questions about whether he or anyone in his presidential campaign had had contact with Russia during the campaign, and lashed out at the news media and political opponents, arguing that they were out to get him. “As far as hacking, I think it was Russia,” Mr. Trump said, his first comments accepting the conclusions of United States intelligence officials that Moscow had interfered in the election to help him win. But the   expressed little outrage about that breach and seemed to cast doubt on Russia’s role moments after acknowledging it, asserting that “it could have been others also. ” He also quoted a Kremlin denial Tuesday night of reports that it had gathered damaging information to compromise Mr. Trump. “They said it totally never happened,” Mr. Trump said of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and his government. “I respected the fact that he said that. ” The news conference displayed the showmanship, combativeness and sensitivity to criticism that Mr. Trump exhibited throughout the 2016 presidential campaign and underscored his reflex to rebut any criticism or question about his conduct. In his maligning of the nation’s intelligence agencies, journalists and Hillary Clinton, the   indicated that he would conduct himself the same way in the White House. Using the same boastful tone that characterized his campaign rallies, Mr. Trump asserted that his victory in November had vindicated his view that he should not release his tax returns, an issue that he said only the news media cared about, not the public. “I won,” he said. “I don’t think they care at all. ” In a Pew Research Center poll this month, 60 percent of respondents said Mr. Trump should release his returns, although just 38 percent of Republican respondents said he should. Some moments bordered on bizarre for the next president of the United States. Mr. Trump spoke of his awareness as a businessman that there were hidden cameras in hotel rooms in Moscow and other foreign capitals. He called himself “very much of a germaphobe,” apparently in an effort to discredit unsubstantiated claims about sex videos with Mr. Trump and prostitutes in a Russian hotel. “Does anyone really believe that story?” he said, calling it “phony stuff” that “never happened. ” At one point, Mr. Trump got into a confrontation with a correspondent for CNN, which was among the first to report on the allegations, saying to him, “You are fake news. ” Moments later, though, Mr. Trump called on another CNN correspondent. A person who identified himself as a correspondent for RT, the Russian   news organization that American intelligence agencies deem a Russian propaganda tool, shouted repeatedly in vain attempts to draw Mr. Trump’s attention. Mr. Trump voiced only faint concern about what United States intelligence officials said was a campaign by Mr. Putin to meddle in American democracy. He reserved his sharpest condemnation for American intelligence officials who he said had failed to keep secret the accusations that could be damaging to him. On Wednesday, the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. said he had spoken with Mr. Trump that evening and expressed his “profound dismay” over the leaks of unsubstantiated information. He said he had emphasized that this information was “not a U. S. intelligence community product” and that the intelligence agencies had not determined that it was reliable. He said he did not believe that the leaks had come from the intelligence agencies. The   asked at the news conference whether he believed that Mr. Putin had directed the hacking effort to help him win the presidency, said, “If Putin likes Donald Trump, I consider that an asset, not a liability, because we have a horrible relationship with Russia. ” “He shouldn’t be doing it,” Mr. Trump said later of the Russian president. “He won’t be doing it. Russia will have much greater respect for our country when I’m leading than when other people have led it. ” Of the intelligence officials who will soon serve him, Mr. Trump said: “I think it was disgraceful  —   disgraceful that the intelligence agencies allowed any information that turned out to be so false and fake out. That’s something that Nazi Germany would have done, and did do. ” He did not address whether the sanctions President Obama imposed on Moscow for the cyberattacks should stay or be strengthened as some Republicans have urged, especially as the scope of the hacking has become clearer. The hourlong news conference  —   Mr. Trump’s first in nearly six months  —   touched not only on reports of espionage and attempted blackmail, but also on potential conflicts of interest with Mr. Trump’s vast business empire and questions about domestic policy. The glut of   questions for the   gave him an advantage in navigating the exchange he interrupted inquiries about Russia’s hacking to introduce a lawyer, Sheri L. Dillon, who spoke at length about how Mr. Trump would organize his business affairs and explain why he was not divesting from his global business empire. “  Trump should not be expected to destroy the company he built,” Ms. Dillon said. Mr. Trump offered glimpses of his plans for his first days in office, including pledging to choose a Supreme Court nominee within two weeks of Inauguration Day to succeed Justice Antonin Scalia and to invite journalists to watch a series of “signings” at the White House, an apparent allusion to the several executive orders he has promised to sign to roll back major pieces of Mr. Obama’s agenda. Calling himself “the greatest   that God ever created,” Mr. Trump pledged to continue leaning on American companies to keep jobs in the United States. He took particular aim at the pharmaceutical industry, which he said “has been disastrous” and had been “getting away with murder” on drug pricing. Taking on a powerful lobby that Republicans have long defended, Mr. Trump said he wanted the federal government to use its purchasing power to negotiate drug prices for Medicare and Medicaid  —   a proposal long favored by Democrats. But he broke starkly with Democrats over the Affordable Care Act as he repeated a promise to submit a plan to repeal and replace the law “essentially simultaneously,” as soon as Representative Tom Price, his choice to be secretary of health and human services, is confirmed. “Obamacare is the Democrats’ problem,” Mr. Trump said Wednesday. “We could sit back and let them hang with it. We are doing the Democrats a great service. ” He also insisted, despite repeated denials by Mexican officials, that Mexico would pay to build a wall on the southern border of the United States to block foreigners from entering illegally. Mr. Trump said Vice   Mike Pence was working with federal agencies to begin construction quickly, and asserted that Mexico would ultimately reimburse the cost through a tax or other payment. Mexico’s president, Enrique Peña Nieto, reiterated Wednesday that his country would not pay for the wall, but said it would invest in more border security. In front of Mr. Trump was a table stacked with manila folders that he said contained paperwork for a portion of the companies being put into a trust to be controlled and run by his eldest sons, Eric and Donald Jr. and a trustee. They stood to his side along with his daughter Ivanka Trump, who also announced on Wednesday that she would sever ties with the Trump Organization and her own company. Closing the news conference, Mr. Trump even got in a veiled plug for his former reality show, “The Apprentice”  —   he remains an executive producer of the current version, “Celebrity Apprentice”  —   by saying that if his sons did not manage his empire well while he served as president, he would tell them, “You’re fired. ”"
242,17557,10 Key Moments and More From Trump’s News Conference - The New York Times,New York Times,Nicholas Fandos,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"Times reporters provided   analysis and fact checks of   Donald J. Trump’s news conference.   Donald J. Trump made an important concession about Russia. He criticized American intelligence officials. He sparred with reporters and denounced “fake news. ” And that was all before he arrived at the ostensible reason for holding his first formal news conference since July: his plans to extricate himself from the operations of his vast business holdings. Here are the highlights from the whirling, hourlong news conference inside Trump Tower. ■ Mr. Trump said that after his briefing on Friday with American intelligence officials, he now thought Russia was behind the effort to hack his election opponents. “As far as hacking, I think it was Russia,” Mr. Trump said. ■ However, later in the news conference, Mr. Trump wavered slightly when pressed on the matter. “But you know what, it could have been others also,” he said when asked why he had been so critical of American intelligence officials. ■ He harshly criticized the publication of unverified reports that claimed Russia has salacious information about his behavior and finances. “I think it was disgraceful, disgraceful that the intelligence agencies let any information that turned out to be so false and fake out,” he said. Explaining his Twitter post comparing the United States to Nazi Germany, he said of the leaks: “That’s something that Nazi Germany would have done and did do. ” Mr. Trump added that BuzzFeed, which published the memos in their entirety, is “a failing pile of garbage” that would suffer the consequences for publishing the uncorroborated report. ■ Mr. Trump said he was untroubled by other intelligence reports that have been made public, which said Russia preferred him over Hillary Clinton and that President Vladimir V. Putin ordered the election meddling to benefit him. “If Putin likes Donald Trump, guess what, folks: That is called an asset, not a liability,” he said. He added that a strong relationship could allow the two nations to work together on difficult international issues. ■ When asked whether he had a message for Mr. Putin, Mr. Trump said: “He shouldn’t be doing it. He won’t be doing it. Russia will have much greater respect for our country when I am leading it. ” He added: “There’s no reset button. We’re either going to get along or we’re not. ” But he did not address a question about whether he or anyone on his campaign staff had had contact with Russia during the campaign. ■ Mr. Trump swatted away allegations included in the uncorroborated reports. He said that, when traveling, he warns his aides and bodyguards, “Be very careful, because in your hotel rooms and no matter where you go, you’re gonna probably have cameras. ” He also added, apparently referring to a detail in the report about supposed sex videos with prostitutes, “I’m also very much of a germaphobe, believe me. ” ■ Discussing the topic the news conference was intended to address, Mr. Trump said he would not divest from his vast business holdings as he takes office. Instead, the   will turn over the operations and control of those holdings to a trust controlled by his eldest sons, Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr. ■ The   said that he had considered letting the Affordable Care Act “implode” on its own and letting Democrats take the political hit he said would follow. But he said he had decided on a more forthright strategy: repeal and replace “almost simultaneously. ” Mr. Trump was short on details but clearer in his intention to try to keep Democrats responsible. “We don’t want to own it politically,” he said. ■ Mr. Trump said that he had asked David J. Shulkin, a current under secretary at the Department of Veterans Affairs, to lead that agency after his team had interviewed “at least 100 people” in the search for a secretary. ■ Near the end of the news conference, Mr. Trump got into a shouting match with Jim Acosta of CNN, who tried to press the   into taking a question. “Since you were attacking our news organization, can you give us a chance?” Mr. Acosta asked. To which Mr. Trump replied: “Your organization’s terrible,” and “don’t be rude,” before dismissing the request once and for all: “You are fake news. ” (CNN was the first to report that Mr. Trump and President Obama had been briefed by intelligence officials on the uncorroborated documents, but the network did not publish them.) ■ Sean Spicer, the incoming White House press secretary, spoke first to address the publication of the unverified reports by BuzzFeed on Tuesday. Mr. Spicer called the reports a “frankly outrageous and highly irresponsible” attack on Mr. Trump and a “sad, pathetic attempt to get clicks. ” Mr. Spicer said the documents were not an intelligence report and were categorically false. ■ Vice   Mike Pence followed Mr. Spicer and amplified his condemnation of news reports by BuzzFeed and other news outlets, which he said were “irresponsible” and aimed at discrediting Mr. Trump’s legitimate election victory. ■ Mr. Trump began by thanking news organizations that did not report what he called “the nonsense that was released. ” He said he has “great respect for freedom of the press, and all of that. ” ■ Mr. Trump said that the document “was released by maybe the intelligence agencies, who knows, which would be a tremendous blot on their record. ” ■ He went on to cast blame on the Democratic National Committee for the hacking. He praised the Republican National Committee for having better defenses and commended Reince Priebus, his incoming chief of staff, who was the committee chairman. ■ Mr. Trump reiterated his description of the report printed by BuzzFeed as “fake news,” saying he did not think Mr. Putin had compromising information about him or the Republican Party. “I’ll be honest, if he did have something, he would have released it,” he said. ■ He denied that he has any business dealings in Russia: “I tweeted out that I have no dealings with Russia. I have no deals in Russia. I have no deals that could happen in Russia because we’ve stayed away. And I have no loans with Russia. As a real estate developer, I have very, very little debt. ” ■ Mr. Trump said he had requested that the intelligence agencies produce a “major report” on “hacking defense” to be delivered 90 days after he takes office, including an examination of “this situation” with Russia and other incidents of hacking. ■ Sheri A. Dillon, a lawyer for Mr. Trump, took the stage to describe how her client would turn over his business assets to a trust. “  Trump wants there to be no doubt in the minds of the American public that he is completely isolating himself from his business interests,” she said, adding that Mr. Trump’s sons will make all decisions for the company “without any involvement whatsoever” from Mr. Trump. She said Mr. Trump would resign from all positions he holds with the Trump Organization, as would his daughter Ivanka. ■ Ms. Dillon said that the Trump Organization would be allowed to make no new foreign deals during the presidency and that any new domestic deals would be subject to strict restrictions. “He will only know of a deal if he reads about it in the paper or sees it on TV,” Ms. Dillon said, referring to Mr. Trump. She also said an ethics adviser would be appointed to the management team of the Trump Organization. ■ Ms. Dillon argued that selling Mr. Trump’s business would prove more difficult and create more ethical quandaries than the plan that the Trump Organization had chosen. A totally blind trust, she said, would likewise be impossible under the circumstances. And, she added, “  Trump should not be expected to destroy the company he built. ” ■ Ms. Dillon laid out what amounts to the Trump administration’s interpretation of the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause, which prohibits government officials from taking payments or gifts from a foreign government. “No one would have thought when the Constitution was written, that paying your hotel bill was an emolument,” she said. To avoid any appearances of violations, Ms. Dillon said Mr. Trump had pledged to donate to the United States government all profits made by his hotels from payments by foreign governments. ■ Mr. Trump was flanked by a table piled high with manila folders that he said contained paperwork that he had signed turning over control of the Trump Organization to his sons. ■ Mr. Trump joked that if his sons failed to do a good job managing the company during his time in office, he would turn to them and say, “You’re fired. ” ■ In other comments about his businesses, Mr. Trump said he had been offered deals worth $2 billion worth in Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates, “over the weekend” but had turned them down. ■ Asked about his tax returns, Mr. Trump said he was still not releasing them “because they are under audit. ” He said that the American people did not care about the documents anyway. “The only one that cares about my tax returns are the reporters,” Mr. Trump said. ■ Mr. Trump said he was looking forward to his inauguration. “It’s going to be a beautiful event,” he said. “We have great talent, tremendous talent. ” And, he added, “massive crowds” as well. ■ Asked to address criticism that his cabinet choices have presented an abundance of conflicts of interest, Mr. Trump simply praised his appointments. “I think we have one of the great cabinets ever put together,” he said. ■ Mr. Trump said he expected to announce “big news” in the next few weeks about companies that would build factories in the Midwest. ■ Mr. Trump said Carrier’s decision to keep jobs in Indiana sent a clear signal to other companies thinking of moving production overseas. “The word is now out,” he said, repeating a call for a “major border tax on these companies that are leaving. ” ■ About that wall: “I don’t feel like waiting a year, a year and a half I want to start building,” he said. He reiterated that Mexico would reimburse the cost, but he added cryptically that it probably wouldn’t be in the form of “a payment. ” ■ Turning to the Supreme Court, Mr. Trump said he expected to announce a nominee to fill the court’s vacant seat two weeks or so after he takes office. ■ Mr. Trump was asked how he would reform the news media he criticizes frequently. “I don’t recommend reforms,” he said. “I recommend people that have some moral compass. ” He added, “I will tell you, some of the media outlets that I deal with are fake news, more so than anybody. ”"
243,17558,What We Know and Don’t Know About the Trump-Russia Dossier - The New York Times,New York Times,Scott Shane,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,," How did American intelligence officials come to brief President Obama,   Donald J. Trump and lawmakers about supposed Russian plans to blackmail Mr. Trump? There are far more questions than answers. But here is a look at the story so far. ■ In September 2015, a Washington political research firm, Fusion GPS, paid by a wealthy Republican donor who did not like Mr. Trump, began to compile “opposition research” on him  —   standard practice in politics. ■ Last June, after evidence of Russian hacking of Democratic targets surfaced, Fusion GPS hired a retired British intelligence officer, Christopher Steele, to investigate Mr. Trump’s ties to Russia. ■ After it became clear that Mr. Trump would be the Republican nominee, Democratic clients who supported Hillary Clinton began to pay Fusion GPS for this same opposition research. ■ Mr. Steele, who had long experience in Russia and a network of connections there, compiled dozens of reports detailing what he heard from his contacts. The memos he wrote, mostly one to three pages long, are dated from June to December. ■ The memos contain unsubstantiated claims that Russian officials tried to obtain influence over Mr. Trump by preparing to blackmail him with sex tapes and bribe him with business deals. They also claim that the Trump campaign met with Russian operatives to discuss the Russians’ hacking and leaking of emails and documents from the Democratic National Committee and from Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman, John D. Podesta. ■ Fusion GPS and Mr. Steele shared the memos first with their clients, and later with the F. B. I. and multiple journalists at The New York Times and elsewhere. The memos, totaling about 35 pages, also reached a number of members of Congress. ■ Last week, when the F. B. I. C. I. A. and National Security Agency gave a classified report on the Russian hacking, leaking and efforts to influence the presidential election to Mr. Obama, Mr. Trump and congressional leaders, they attached a   summary of the unverified allegations in the memos. ■ Whether any of the claims in the memos are true. American intelligence agencies have not confirmed them, and Mr. Trump has said they are a complete fabrication. In addition, one specific allegation  —   that Mr. Trump’s lawyer Michael Cohen met with a Russian official in Prague in August or September  —   has been denied by both Mr. Cohen, who says he has never been to Prague, and the Russian, Oleg Solodukhin. ■ Who concocted the information in the memos, if it is entirely false or partly so, and with what purpose. If all the information in the dossier is false, it is a very sophisticated fabrication. ■ What exactly prompted American intelligence officials to pass on a summary of the unvetted claims to Mr. Obama, Mr. Trump and Congress. Officials have said they felt the   should be aware of the memos, which had circulated widely in Washington. But putting the summary in a report that went to multiple people in Congress and the executive branch made it very likely that it would be leaked. The F. B. I. has been investigating the claims in the memos, and Democrats are demanding a thorough inquiry into the reports that Trump representatives met with Russian officials during the campaign. But as of Jan. 20, Mr. Trump will be in charge of the bureau and the other intelligence agencies, and he may not approve such an investigation. Because the 35 pages of memos prepared as opposition research on Mr. Trump contain detailed claims that neither the intelligence agencies nor The Times has been able to verify, Times editors decided to briefly summarize the claims and not publish the document. The Times did report before the election that the F. B. I. was investigating claims about Mr. Trump’s ties to Russia  —   an article that resulted from an extensive reporting effort. The Democratic National Committee and Podesta emails were public, their authenticity was not in doubt, and they contained newsworthy information. That is a question the director, James B. Comey, may eventually have to answer. His two public statements about the bureau’s investigation of the Clinton emails broke with long F. B. I. tradition. Many reporters from multiple news organizations tried to verify the claims in the memos but were unsuccessful. CNN broke the news that a summary of the memos had been attached to the classified report by the F. B. I. C. I. A. and National Security Agency on the Russian hacking and leaking, and that it had been given to Mr. Obama, Mr. Trump and congressional leaders last week. That level of official attention prompted news organizations to decide to inform the public about the memos."
244,17559,Trump Received Unsubstantiated Report That Russia Had Damaging Information About Him - The New York Times,New York Times,"Scott Shane, Adam Goldman and Matthew Rosenberg",2017-01-23,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   The chiefs of America’s intelligence agencies last week presented President Obama and   Donald J. Trump with a summary of unsubstantiated reports that Russia had collected compromising and salacious personal information about Mr. Trump, two officials with knowledge of the briefing said. The summary is based on memos generated by political operatives seeking to derail Mr. Trump’s candidacy. Details of the reports began circulating in the fall and were widely known among journalists and politicians in Washington. The   summary, first reported by CNN, was presented as an appendix to the intelligence agencies’ report on Russian hacking efforts during the election, the officials said. The material was not corroborated, and The New York Times has not been able to confirm the claims. But intelligence agencies considered it so potentially explosive that they decided Mr. Obama, Mr. Trump and congressional leaders needed to be told about it and informed that the agencies were actively investigating it. Intelligence officials were concerned that the information would leak before they informed Mr. Trump of its existence, said the officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak about it publicly. The author of the memos is Christopher Steele, a former British intelligence officer with   who once served in Moscow. After Mr. Steele retired in 2009, he founded a private firm called Orbis Business Intelligence in London. Former C. I. A. officials described him as an expert on Russia who is well respected in the spy world. On Tuesday night, Mr. Trump responded to the memos on Twitter: In an appearance recorded for NBC’s “Late Night With Seth Meyers,” Mr. Trump’s spokeswoman, Kellyanne Conway, said of the claims in the opposition research memos, “He has said he is not aware of that. ” On Wednesday, a spokesman for President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia dismissed the allegations. “The Kremlin has no compromising dossier on Trump, such information isn’t consistent with reality and is nothing but an absolute fantasy,” the spokesman, Dmitri S. Peskov, said at a news conference. Since the intelligence agencies’ report on Friday that Mr. Putin of Russia had ordered the hacking and leaks of Democratic emails in order to hurt his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, and help Mr. Trump, the   and his aides have said that Democrats are trying to mar his election victory. The decision of top intelligence officials to give the president, the   and the   Gang of Eight  —   Republican and Democratic leaders of Congress and the intelligence committees  —   what they know to be unverified, defamatory material was extremely unusual. The appendix summarized opposition research memos prepared mainly by a retired British intelligence operative for a Washington political and corporate research firm. The firm was paid for its work first by Mr. Trump’s Republican rivals and later by supporters of Mrs. Clinton. The Times has checked on a number of the details included in the memos but has been unable to substantiate them. The memos suggest that for many years, the Russian government of Mr. Putin has looked for ways to influence Mr. Trump, who has traveled repeatedly to Moscow to investigate real estate deals or to oversee the Miss Universe competition, which he owned for several years. Mr. Trump never completed any major deals in Russia, though he discussed them for years. Mr. Steele, who gathered the material about Mr. Trump, is considered a competent and reliable operative with extensive experience in Russia, American officials said. But he passed on what he heard from Russian informants and others, and what they told him has not yet been vetted by American intelligence. The memos describe sex videos involving prostitutes with Mr. Trump in a 2013 visit to a Moscow hotel. The videos were supposedly prepared as “kompromat,” or compromising material, with the possible goal of blackmailing Mr. Trump in the future. The memos also suggest that Russian officials proposed various lucrative deals, essentially as disguised bribes in order to win influence over Mr. Trump. The memos describe several purported meetings during the 2016 presidential campaign between Trump representatives and Russian officials to discuss matters of mutual interest, including the Russian hacking of the Democratic National Committee and Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman, John D. Podesta. If some of the unproven claims in the memos are merely titillating, others would amount to extremely serious, potentially treasonous acts. One of the opposition research memos quotes an unidentified Russian source as claiming that the hacking and leaking of Democratic emails was carried out “with the full knowledge and support of TRUMP and senior members of his campaign team. ” In return, the memo said, “the TRUMP team had agreed to sideline Russian intervention in Ukraine as a campaign issue” because Mr. Putin “needed to cauterize the subject. ” Michael Cohen, a lawyer and adviser to Mr. Trump, also went to Twitter to deny a specific claim in the opposition research involving him. One of the memos claims that Mr. Cohen went to Prague in August or September to meet with Kremlin representatives and to talk about Russian hacking of Democrats. Mr. Cohen tweeted on Tuesday night: In addition, in a recent interview with The Times, one of the Russian officials named in the memo as having met with Mr. Cohen, Oleg Solodukhin, denied that he had met with Mr. Cohen or any other Trump representative. “I don’t know where that rumor came from,” Mr. Solodukhin, of the Russian organization Rossotrudnichestvo, which promotes Russian culture and interests abroad, said in a telephone interview. The Times reported before the election that the F. B. I. was looking into possible evidence of links between the Trump campaign and Russia. But the investigation surfaced again at a Senate hearing on Tuesday in a series of questions from Senator Ron Wyden, Democrat of Oregon, to the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey. Mr. Wyden, trying to draw Mr. Comey out on information he may have heard during a classified briefing, asked if the F. B. I. had investigated the Trump campaign’s contacts with Russia. Mr. Comey demurred, saying he could not discuss any investigations that might or might not be underway. Mr. Wyden kept pressing, asking Mr. Comey to provide a written answer to the question before Mr. Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20 because he feared there would be no declassification of the information once Mr. Trump took office. After the hearing, Mr. Wyden posted on Twitter: The F. B. I. obtained the material long before the election, and some of the memos in the opposition research dossier are dated as early as June. But agents have struggled to confirm it, according to federal officials familiar with the investigation. Allies of Senator Harry Reid, the Senate Democratic leader from Nevada who retired at the end of the year, said the disclosures validated his call last summer for an investigation by the F. B. I. into Mr. Trump’s links to Russia. Democrats on Tuesday night pressed for a thorough investigation of the claims in the memos. Representative Eric Swalwell of California, a member of the House Intelligence Committee, called for law enforcement to find out whether the Russian government had had any contact with Mr. Trump or his campaign. “The   has spoken a number of times, including after being presented with this evidence, in flattering ways about Russia and its dictator,” Mr. Swalwell said. “Considering the evidence of Russia hacking our democracy to his benefit, the   would do a service to his presidency and our country by releasing his personal and business income taxes, as well as information on any global financial holdings. ”"
245,17561,Trump’s Plans on Businesses May Fall Short - The New York Times,New York Times,Susanne Craig and Eric Lipton,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"  Donald J. Trump said Wednesday that he would place his vast business empire in a trust controlled by his two oldest sons and take other steps in an attempt to remove any suggestion of a conflict of interest with his decisions as president. But he said he would not sell his holdings. Hours later, the government’s top ethics monitor said the plan was wholly inadequate and would leave the president vulnerable to “suspicions of corruption. ” The unusual public criticism from Walter M. Shaub Jr. director of the Office of Government Ethics, followed Mr. Trump’s most detailed explanation yet of his plans to distance himself from the global business operations of the Trump Organization. No modern president has entered the White House with such a complicated array of holdings. The steps Mr. Trump outlined include turning over to the United States Treasury any profits received at his hotels from foreign government clients. An ethics officer and, separately, a chief compliance counsel will be appointed at the Trump Organization to watch its operations and ensure that it is not receiving special terms, payment or favors as a result of its ties to Mr. Trump, even as the organization is managed by a trust controlled by his two oldest sons and a longtime legal associate. Sheri A. Dillon, a longtime lawyer for the Trump Organization, said that many of the alternatives ethics lawyers have advocated, such as selling off Mr. Trump’s business assets entirely or putting them in a blind trust that would be managed by an independent party, were not practical. Pointing out flaws in a blind trust, she said, “President Trump can’t unknow he owns Trump Tower, and the press will make sure that any new developments at the Trump Organization are well publicized. ” In addition, she said, the price of a sale of assets would draw scrutiny, and Mr. Trump would still be owed royalties. The   speaking at a news conference Wednesday in Trump Tower, repeated his view, expressed shortly after his election, that as president, he will be exempt from conflict of interest laws that apply to all other federal employees except the vice president. But he and his legal team said he would still take voluntary steps to avoid even a perception of a conflict, such as the appearance that a decision he made as president might benefit one of his business ventures. But Mr. Trump and his advisers would not release basic information about this plan. Mr. Trump has filed information with the federal government that indicates he is worth at least $1. 5 billion, but that information has not been independently verified, and the value of the assets being transferred into the trust is not known. Mr. Trump’s representatives also would not release the names of people who stand to benefit from any profits the trust generates, or say whether Mr. Trump would be able to reverse the transaction. On Wednesday, Mr. Trump rebuffed a renewed call to release his tax returns, which presidents have done for decades and which would show how much profit he makes from his business endeavors, including golf courses, marketing deals and commercial office space. Mr. Shaub, who was appointed by President Obama, said that he did not believe selling assets was too high a price to pay to be president, and that Mr. Trump must divest them in order to avoid conflicts of interest. “We can’t risk creating the perception that government leaders would use their official positions for profit,” said Mr. Shaub, whose office establishes ethical standards for 2. 7 million civilian employees in the White House and more than 130 executive branch agencies. “I appreciate that divestiture can be costly. But the   would not be alone in making that sacrifice. ” He criticized Mr. Trump’s decision to put his assets into a trust instead of under the far stricter control of an independent manager, known as a blind trust. “The only thing this has in common with a blind trust is the label, ‘trust,’” Mr. Shaub said during an unusual news conference Wednesday at the Brookings Institution, a policy research center in Washington. “His sons are still running the businesses, and, of course, he knows what he owns. ” Even some Republican ethics experts questioned how far Mr. Trump had gone to confront the many ethical issues he faces. They noted, for example, that Mr. Trump had not promised to prohibit communication between federal employees and anyone at the Trump Organization, or his current or future business partners. “If you don’t have a real firewall, outsiders will view doing business with the Trump Organization as a way to gain access to the administration or to influence it,” said Matthew T. Sanderson, a Washington lawyer who worked on the Republican presidential campaigns of John McCain, Rand Paul and Rick Perry. In fact, Mr. Trump and his legal advisers seemed on Wednesday to revise a promise that the   had made on Twitter in December: that there would be “no new deals” by his company while he was in the White House. Now, his legal team said, this standard will apply only to foreign deals. Ms. Dillon said the Trump Organization had canceled about 30 pending deals, costing it millions of dollars. But the company will continue to look for new business opportunities  —   be it hotels, golf courses or other ventures  —   within the United States at a time when the Trump Organization brand has an unrivaled profile. Instead, the Trump enterprise will clear new transactions with an ethics adviser to be named by the   in the coming days. That person will vet the deals for potential conflicts, using a standard that Mr. Trump’s advisers said had not yet been determined. A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump said he had always intended the “no new deals” promise to apply only to foreign deals. The influence Mr. Trump will have over foreign and domestic policy as president has raised questions about whether American policy could affect his bottom line. For instance, he will oversee the regulation of banks, some of which lend money to his company, and he will have frequent contact with foreign heads of state, including some who run countries where the Trump Organization does business. He has consistently used his position to showcase his real estate properties, inviting dignitaries and cabinet hopefuls to visit him at his golf club in Westchester County, N. Y. and his    resort in Palm Beach, Fla. And the business offers have been flowing in, Mr. Trump says. His lawyers said his company had canceled 30 deals as he prepares to take office, and last weekend, Mr. Trump said he had turned down a $2 billion deal in Dubai. “I don’t want to take advantage of something,” Mr. Trump said. The Dubai offer came from Damac, a major developer in the Persian Gulf region that is building the Trump International Golf Club, Dubai, and an adjacent luxury housing development. Mr. Trump and his legal team appeared to be particularly sensitive to the suggestion that Mr. Trump might violate the   emoluments clause of the Constitution, which prohibits federal employees from taking any “present, emolument, office or title, of any kind whatever, from any king, prince or foreign state. ” Ms. Dillon, the Trump Organization lawyer, who works for the Washington firm Morgan Lewis, said the clause, in her view, did not apply to   transactions such as a foreign government’s paying a hotel bill. But to address the issue, the organization plans to donate to the federal government the “profits” derived from any payments from foreign governments to hotels it owns. Representatives of the organization did not reply when asked how this calculation would be made or whether a public accounting of the payments would be provided. But Trump Organization officials said this agreement would not apply to golf courses or other businesses. That means Mr. Trump could still benefit from payments by foreign governments, critics said. Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of the University of California, Irvine School of Law, also said the plan to turn over profits from foreign government payments to Mr. Trump’s hotels was not sufficient to eliminate the constitutional issue. “As soon as he receives the payment, he will have benefited, even if he later decides to give it away,” Mr. Chemerinsky said. “This will mean he will have violated a provision of the Constitution. ” Separately, Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka said on her Facebook page that she was both separating herself from the Trump Organization and turning over management of her brand of handbags, jewelry, shoes and other accessories to another executive. But ethics experts said the family might have figured out a way to accelerate the growth of their business while taking modest steps to separate themselves from the    operations. “It’s hard to imagine anything she could do to help the brand more than simply being a part of the White House apparatus,” Robert Weissman, president of Public Citizen, a liberal nonprofit, said of Ivanka Trump. “The only solution for all of this is for them to divest  —   and that does not include handing it to another family member. ”"
246,17562,Donald Trump’s News Session Starts War With and Within Media - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael M. Grynbaum,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"He deemed BuzzFeed News “a failing pile of garbage,” mocked an inquiry about his tax returns  —   “Gee, I’ve never heard that one before”  —   and, in an   moment for a presidential news conference, shouted down questions from a CNN reporter, declaring, with some menace, “Not you. ” “Your organization is terrible,” said   Donald J. Trump, his voice rising as Jim Acosta of CNN tried to interject. “No, I’m not going to give you a question. I’m not going to give you a question. ” “You,” the   said, as Mr. Acosta and other stunned journalists looked on, “are fake news. ” Any hope that Mr. Trump would temper his attacks on the news media after the campaign seemed to dissipate in the marble atrium of Trump Tower on Wednesday, as the   holding his first news conference since July, turned a controversy over his ties to Russia into a deft and unrelenting attack on the journalists who reported it. It was a spectacle that attracted nearly 300 reporters to Midtown Manhattan  —   the news conference was carried live in Australia, England and Germany  —   and it came against an extraordinary backdrop: reports that intelligence officials had briefed Mr. Trump on a document alleging collusion between the Russian government and his campaign. CNN broke the news on Tuesday but declined to publish specific allegations, saying its reporters could not verify them. BuzzFeed News published the unverified claims in full, a move that prompted an ethical debate in journalistic circles  —   and offered Mr. Trump an opening. “The fact that BuzzFeed and CNN made the decision to run with this unsubstantiated claim is a sad and pathetic attempt to get clicks,” the incoming White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, said, inaccurately lumping the two news organizations together. But the result was classic Trump: Not only did he break the norms of presidential engagement with the news media, snubbing organizations because of an unflattering story, but he also had elements of a frustrated political press corps warring with one another. Immediately after the news conference, CNN defended its reporting and drew a sharp distinction between its news story and “BuzzFeed’s decision to publish unsubstantiated memos. ” On a broadcast, the CNN anchor Jake Tapper said that BuzzFeed’s move “hurts us all. ” “It’s irresponsible to put uncorroborated information on the internet,’’ Mr. Tapper said. “I can understand why   Trump would be upset about that I would be upset about it. too. ’’ Later, Chuck Todd, the NBC News moderator, repeatedly pressed BuzzFeed’s editor in chief, Ben Smith, on why unverified claims did not amount to “fake news. ” Mr. Smith, for his part, said he was “not going to participate in an attempt to divide the media against each other. ” (In a memo on Wednesday, BuzzFeed’s chief executive, Jonah H. Peretti, defended the move. “We are going to keep doing what we do best, which is deliver impactful journalism,” he wrote.) Still, by the time the news conference finished  —   with Omarosa Manigault, the “Apprentice” star and future member of the White House staff, heckling Mr. Acosta, shouting, “Cut it out!”  —   Mr. Trump had bobbed and weaved his way through nearly an hour of interrogation, offering vague answers to critical questions about his administration. Yet the conduct of the news media, a familiar foil from Mr. Trump’s campaign days, remained at the center of the day’s story. The treatment of Mr. Acosta raised alarms among news media advocates and his fellow journalists, particularly after Mr. Acosta described a threat by Mr. Spicer to eject him from the news conference when he persisted in trying to ask the   a question. Harsh words between reporters and press secretaries happen. But an anchor for a rival network, Shepard Smith of Fox News, later came to Mr. Acosta’s defense, saying that no “journalists should be subjected to belittling and delegitimizing by the   of the United States. ” The National Press Club also lamented Mr. Trump’s behavior, saying in a statement: “Presidents shouldn’t get to pick and choose which reporters’ questions they will answer based on what news outlet for which they work. ” Mr. Trump, who ultimately took one question from a CNN reporter, also called on journalists from two   organizations: BreitbartNews and One America News. Matthew Boyle, the Breitbart reporter, asked the   for his ideas on how to reform the news media. Mostly, however, Mr. Trump took questions from journalists at the major television networks, with John Roberts of Fox News going first. A Greek chorus of sorts  —   mostly Trump supporters and aides, including Ms. Manigault  —   watched from the side, applauding Mr. Trump and jeering questions from reporters they deemed unpleasant. A man who prides himself on finding an opponent’s weakness, Mr. Trump at one point zeroed in on an existential question that has lingered in many newsrooms since his surprise victory: How much does the traditional news media still matter in a polarized age? When Hallie Jackson, an NBC News correspondent, asked the   if he would finally release his tax returns, to verify his claim that he has no financial dealings in Russia, Mr. Trump scoffed. “You know, the only one that cares about my tax returns are the reporters, O. K.?” the   said. “They’re the only ones who ask. ” “You don’t think the American public is concerned about it?” Ms. Jackson asked. “I don’t think so,” Mr. Trump replied, before laying down the political equivalent of a  : ”I won. ”"
247,17563,"Mike Pompeo, Trump’s C.I.A. Pick, Faces the Balancing Act of His Career - The New York Times",New York Times,Matthew Rosenberg,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   The good news for Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas,   Donald J. Trump’s nominee to run the Central Intelligence Agency, is that he appears to share the same adversarial view of Russia as most American spies. The bad news for Mr. Pompeo is that he will have to square his views with those of Mr. Trump, who has denigrated American intelligence agencies, praised President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and is now contending with a dossier of unsubstantiated reports that Russia has collected compromising and salacious personal information about him. Known as a pugnacious Republican  partisan by his colleagues in Congress, Mr. Pompeo is going to have pull off the political balancing act of his career to keep the confidence of the Trump White House while winning over the C. I. A. an agency that is notoriously hostile to outsiders in the best of times. His Senate confirmation hearing, scheduled for Thursday before the Senate intelligence committee, will be the first test of whether he has the diplomatic finesse to manage it. Mr. Trump’s aides will no doubt be keeping close watch for any signs that they cannot rely on Mr. Pompeo, while Democrats on the committee will be eager to look for any daylight between the nominee and Mr. Trump. That will be especially true when it comes to the assessment by intelligence agencies that Russia used cyberattacks and disinformation to undermine American democracy and promote the candidacy of Mr. Trump. At the C. I. A. the concerns are more parochial. The message officials will be looking to hear from Mr. Pompeo is, “I’m going to protect you from these guys,” said Michael V. Hayden, a former director of both the C. I. A. and the National Security Agency. “Every television set in Langley is going to be on for that hearing,” Mr. Hayden said, referring to the town in Northern Virginia where the C. I. A. is based. Mr. Trump’s mocking response to accusations that Russia meddled in the election has opened an extraordinary breach between an incoming president and the C. I. A. and the revelation that intelligence chiefs briefed Mr. Trump last week on the dossier of unsubstantiated reports is likely to deepen the divide. The dispute has hit morale hard at the C. I. A. current and former agency officials said. At his news conference on Wednesday, Mr. Trump said that intelligence agencies were “vital” and that they would have 90 days after his inauguration to produce “a major report on hacking. ” But he also continued to criticize the agencies, suggesting that they had leaked the dossier. It was “disgraceful that the intelligence agencies allowed any information that turned out to be so false and fake out,” he said. The C. I. A. considers its mission to provide cleareyed information and analysis that is free of political interference, and it considers the president its main customer. It is sensitive to slights, and many at the C. I. A. were especially galled by what they considered Mr. Trump’s cheap shots at the mistaken intelligence in the prelude to the Iraq war. “It prides itself on being the president’s agency, so how does that feel when your patron suddenly is dumping all over your work,” said Mark M. Lowenthal, a former C. I. A. analyst. Memories run long at the C. I. A. and hanging over the dispute with Mr. Trump is the unhappy tenure of Porter J. Goss, the last sitting member of Congress named to lead the agency. Mr. Goss took over in 2004, when the agency was widely viewed as being at odds with the Bush administration over the Iraq war, and his marching orders were to end what the White House viewed as a campaign of leaks by insiders who opposed administration policies. Mr. Goss failed to stop the leaks. But his attempted crackdown, which included rare “ ” polygraph tests of senior officials, prompted a wave of departures by veterans. Mr. Goss lasted only 13 months, done in by the spreading discontent with his leadership. Mr. Pompeo has not made any public comments since his nomination in November, and how he will approach his new job remains to be seen. He is best known for his relentless questioning of Hillary Clinton during the congressional investigation into the 2012 attacks on the American consulate in Benghazi, Libya. His quips about the attack being worse than Watergate and his continued insistence that there was a “” even after the House Select Committee on Benghazi found no new evidence of wrongdoing, have raised some concerns about such an overt partisan leading an agency that is supposed to be above politics. But among both Democrats and Republicans in Congress, Mr. Pompeo, a former Army tank officer who graduated first in his class from West Point, is widely seen as smart and thorough  —   and a professional who is capable of rising above the political fray. “He really enjoys this type of work, so I think he’s going to flourish,” said Representative Devin Nunes, a Republican from California. “He’s a military guy, an academy graduate, and this is what he’s been working for his whole career. ” At the C. I. A. there was a sense that Mr. Pompeo’s nomination signaled an end to Mr. Trump’s   dismissals of accusations about Russian meddling, and a readiness to start taking intelligence seriously. A new administration often brings an infusion of energy and ideas, and most at the agency are eager to get to work under Mr. Pompeo, according to a current C. I. A. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they could not be quoted by name. But there are already suggestions from some corners of the Trump camp about a need to reorganize the intelligence community, which has stoked concerns at the C. I. A. of a “hostile takeover” by leaders who want political cheerleading, not cleareyed analysis, Mr. Lowenthal said. How Mr. Pompeo gets along with Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s choice for national security adviser, is likely to prove crucial. Mr. Flynn, a retired intelligence officer and a former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, is a harsh judge of the C. I. A. which he says was overly politicized by the Obama administration. That view is not widely shared by Republicans or Democrats in Washington. But it appears to have been internalized by Mr. Trump. Still, Mr. Pompeo’s hawkish views on a range of other issues are likely to be welcomed at the agency. He has argued for Congress to permit domestic surveillance on a huge scale, says waterboarding is legal and does not constitute torture, and views Russia as the biggest threat facing the United States. “I think it’s safe to say that Mr. Pompeo is very skeptical of Vladimir Putin,” Mr. Nunes said. “I don’t think you can get any more concerned about Putin’s advancement” than Mr. Pompeo. Democrats expect to hit the Russia issue hard in an attempt to draw out differences between Mr. Pompeo and Mr. Trump. But they are also looking for Mr. Pompeo to take clear stances on controversial issues where he has made statements that put him in line with the   like waterboarding and domestic surveillance. Senator Ron Wyden, Democrat of Oregon, said he expected Mr. Pompeo to try to avoid being pinned down, especially on matters on which he may disagree with Mr. Trump, by saying that the director of the C. I. A. does not set policy but only executes it. Mr. Pompeo took that tack in his written responses to questions from some senators on the intelligence committee, Senator Wyden said. “I’m going to be respectfully saying that’s a lot of baloney,” he added. As director of the C. I. A. Mr. Pompeo would “have an enormous effect on surveillance and torture and Russia,” Senator Wyden said. “The American people want policies that are going to better produce security and liberty. ” The Trump team is “advancing ideas that give us less of both. ”"
248,17564,"A Senate Vote-a-Rama Primer, in Case You Plan to Sleep Tonight - The New York Times",New York Times,Thomas Kaplan,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   The Senate is getting ready for a very late night. As Republicans push forward with repealing the Affordable Care Act, lawmakers are about to undertake a grueling Senate tradition: the    a marathon of   votes that is likely to stretch on for hours. Yes, that’s really what it’s called. For at least some people in the Capitol, like those who enjoy sleeping when it is nighttime, the experience will be unpleasant. But there is a reason for the spectacle. For Democrats, it provides an opportunity to draw a distinction between their views on health care and how Republicans are approaching the issue. For Republicans, the completion of the exercise clears the way for them to advance to the next step in their quest to gut the health care law. In lieu of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, here is a primer on what to expect. No. Republicans have embarked on a fragile, multistep process to repeal major parts of the health care law, one that is on pace to at least take weeks, even without any big stumbles. But an important step on the way to repealing the law could be taken soon, perhaps early Thursday. The Senate is close to approving a budget resolution that would set in motion the process of drawing up and ultimately passing legislation to repeal the act. Don’t be fooled by the name. In this case, Congress isn’t working on the federal budget. Republicans are taking a series of steps to allow them to repeal the health care law without facing a Democratic filibuster. Passing the budget resolution will set in motion the process that, as drawn up by Republican leaders, will culminate in the passage of legislation repealing major parts of the act. The resolution will direct House and Senate committees to come up with that legislation. (There is some disagreement about the deadline for the committees to finish their work Republican leaders planned for Jan. 27, but this week a group of five Republican senators suggested extending that date by five weeks, until March 3.) The legislation that the committees come up with will be packaged in what is called a reconciliation bill, which is not subject to a filibuster. That’s critical, because Republicans have a   majority, and overcoming a filibuster requires 60 votes. Special rules apply to budget resolutions. Senators can offer an unlimited number of amendments, and being generally crafty people, they like to take advantage of that opportunity. The result is the spectacle known as the   . The Senate can consider dozens of amendments in quick succession, a task that can extend into the wee hours of the night. None of the amendments hold the force of law: A budget resolution is essentially a blueprint for Congress, and the measure never goes to the president for a signature. But the amendments can be used to provide grist for campaign ads, giving each party the opportunity to force the opposing party’s members to take votes on politically delicate topics. The lengthy undertaking, with minimal debate about the amendments being voted on, is not the ideal deliberative experience. Former Senator Judd Gregg, Republican of New Hampshire and a past chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, once described the    as “the Senate’s equivalent to Chinese water torture. ” The Senate is expected to begin the    Wednesday evening. Not surprisingly, Senate Democrats are expected to focus on amendments relating to health care law, as part of their effort to denounce the Republican push to unwind it. It remains to be seen how long the    drama will go on. Senate Democrats have already displayed their stamina once this week: They spoke on the floor in defense of the law until past midnight on Monday night. Once the amendments have been dealt with, the Senate is expected to approve the budget resolution, a key step toward the Republicans’ goal of repealing the law. The House will take up the budget resolution, which it plans to do once the Senate gives its approval. The House vote could take place on Friday. But some Republicans in the House have expressed unease with voting on the measure this week, because of uncertainty about when and how the health care law would be replaced."
249,17565,Elaine Chao Gets Cozy Reception at Confirmation Hearing - The New York Times,New York Times,Emmarie Huetteman,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Elaine L. Chao, a veteran cabinet secretary who has served under two Republican presidents, offered remarkably few specifics but many promises of cooperation on Wednesday as she cruised through her confirmation hearing to become transportation secretary. Democrats on the Senate committee charged with reviewing Ms. Chao’s nomination by   Donald J. Trump made it clear that they have no objections to her, suggesting that she will be easily confirmed in a full Senate vote. Senator Bill Nelson of Florida, the top Democrat on the Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation, praised Ms. Chao for acting with “grace and excellence” in her previous government service. “I certainly look forward to you, in this new administration, doing the same,” he said. Senator John Thune, Republican of South Dakota and the committee’s chairman, called her “an ideal candidate. ” Ms. Chao spent most of the   hearing promising to examine and learn more about drones, fuel efficiency standards, air traffic control services and many other subjects that may soon be part of her portfolio. With most of the spotlight falling on Mr. Trump’s desire for a major infrastructure overhaul  —   in his own words, a priority for his first 100 days in office that could cost $1 trillion  —   Ms. Chao vowed to keep senators informed of emerging plans. She called the overhaul “a heavy lift” that would require cooperation both between the parties and between Congress and the administration. “As the infrastructure proposal is being put together, we will certainly be in great discussion with the Congress, because, once again, we can’t do it on our own,” she said. The selection of Ms. Chao to lead the Transportation Department and its $75 billion budget stands out in the lineup of largely billionaire business executives Mr. Trump has nominated to populate his cabinet. She served as labor secretary for the duration of George W. Bush’s administration and as a deputy transportation secretary under the elder George Bush. Ms. Chao vowed on Wednesday to work with lawmakers on a host of transportation issues  —   including maritime infrastructure and positive train control, a safety system intended to prevent collisions. Emphasizing the need to revitalize the nation’s transportation infrastructure, Ms. Chao called for creativity to fund improvements. Asked whether Mr. Trump would support including federal spending in his infrastructure package, she said, “I believe the answer is yes. ” Support for federal infrastructure funding could put the Trump administration on a collision course with congressional Republicans, who have been reluctant or even openly hostile to increasing domestic spending in recent years. Ms. Chao offered few other funding solutions, though she did propose turning to more   partnerships, referencing the potential capital available from “equity firms, pension funds and endowments. ” That seemed to raise concern from Mr. Nelson, who cautioned against the privatization of government services, alluding to a possible point of friction between Democrats and the incoming Trump administration. Since leaving public service, Ms. Chao has joined the boards of Wells Fargo, News Corporation and Vulcan Materials, among others  —   positions she said she would resign from if confirmed. However, according to documents she filed with the Office of Government Ethics, Ms. Chao will continue for a time to receive payments under financial agreements with Vulcan, which makes construction supplies, and Wells Fargo as she severs her ties with them the payments from Wells Fargo stocks will continue through March 2021. She has agreed to recuse herself from matters involving those companies. Though Wells Fargo came under fire late last year for its business practices, senators did not ask her to elaborate on her continued ties with the embattled company. There was a notably cozy, familiar tone to much of the hearing, as senators questioned a nominee with close ties to one of their own: Ms. Chao is the wife of the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky. Praising Ms. Chao as “incredibly capable” in his introduction, Mr. McConnell cheekily endorsed Mr. Trump’s pick. “She’s got really great judgment, on a whole variety of things,” he said. To capture his feelings, Mr. McConnell turned to the words of a previous Republican senator whose spouse was a transportation and labor secretary, paraphrasing what Bob Dole once said about his wife, Elizabeth. “I feel a little bit like Nathan Hale,” Mr. McConnell said. “‘I regret that I have but one wife to give for my country. ’” Ms. Chao said, “I will be working to lock in the majority leader’s support tonight over dinner. ”"
250,17566,Head of Veterans Health System Is Trump’s Pick to Lead Veterans Affairs - The New York Times,New York Times,Dave Philipps,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"In a move that left many veterans groups breathing a sigh of relief,   Donald J. Trump on Wednesday selected the current head of the nation’s sprawling veterans health care system, Dr. David J. Shulkin, an appointee of President Obama’s, to become secretary of veterans affairs. If confirmed, he will be the first secretary to lead the department who is not a veteran. While Mr. Trump’s chosen cabinet is largely made up of Washington outsiders, Dr. Shulkin, 57, is a relative insider. He has helped lead several private health care systems, including Beth Israel Medical Center in New York and the University of Pennsylvania Health System. In 2015, he was appointed under secretary for health by Mr. Obama and told to cut wait times in the troubled health care system, which includes 1, 700 hospitals and clinics that serve nearly nine million veterans. In that time, Dr. Shulkin has nearly doubled the amount of health care that veterans receive through private doctors. But he has also rejected calls for broader privatization, saying that it would cost untold billions and undermine the hospital system  —   a stance that puts him at odds with Mr. Trump. While campaigning, the   regularly criticized the department as hopelessly corrupt and incompetent, and said he would allow all veterans to choose to go to private doctors. But the selection of Dr. Shulkin may signal that Mr. Trump plans to take a more measured approach. “The Trump campaign made a big deal of what a sucking chest wound the V. A. was,” said Phillip Carter, an Iraq veteran who studies the agency for the Center for a New American Security, a research organization that focuses on the military and veterans. “Then they realized how hard it would be to turn around, and decided they needed to continue with the reforms that are already taking effect. ” Mr. Carter, who advised Hillary Clinton’s campaign on veterans issues, called Dr. Shulkin a smart choice, saying he was among a very small group with the expertise to run a large, complicated health care system. “He knows the V. A. but he is not of the V. A.,” Mr. Carter said. “He comes from the private sector and knows how to blend private and public care. ” Mr. Trump praised Dr. Shulkin on Wednesday, saying in a statement, “I have no doubt Dr. Shulkin will be able to lead the turnaround. ” The pick came after weeks of scrambling by the Trump transition team, which the   said had considered “at least 100” candidates to lead the troubled agency. Names under consideration included former   candidate Sarah Palin and former Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts, as well as a few generals and admirals. Three weeks ago, the team settled on Toby Cosgrove, the chief executive of the Cleveland Clinic and a former Air Force surgeon, but he turned down the offer, according to a person close to the transition team who was not authorized to speak publicly. That left the team divided. Some favored one of the few remaining candidates, Pete Hegseth, an Iraq veteran and Fox News commentator. But others saw him as too extreme because for years he ran Concerned Veterans for America, a small advocacy group financed by the Koch brothers’ network that seeks to discredit and privatize the veterans health care system. Many veterans groups vigorously opposed Mr. Hegseth, leaving the transition team with no obvious alternative. So, although Mr. Trump had vilified the department’s leadership for months on the campaign trail, he ended up picking one of its top officials. The news, announced by Mr. Trump at a news conference on Wednesday, left many veterans groups bewildered but pleased. “This is a very surprising pick, but he is the best out of all the candidates,” Paul Rieckhoff, the executive director of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, said of Dr. Shulkin. The group’s membership would have preferred a veteran, Mr. Rieckhoff said, but added that Dr. Shulkin was well respected. “We know him, we trust him and we can work with him,” he said. Dr. Shulkin will inherit a thicket of challenges in the aging and overburdened veterans health care system. Its hospitals often do not pay enough to attract new staff members, even as demand rises. Waits for appointments have not fallen since a scandal over the delays in 2014 prompted Eric Shinseki to resign as secretary. The department’s computerized records system is obsolete and unable to communicate with outside doctors. And though its buildings are on average more than 50 years old, closing underused centers is often politically impossible. “The system is changing for the better, but the transformation could take many years, and it will be difficult,” said Nancy Schlichting, who retired recently as chief executive of the Henry Ford Health System and was chairwoman of a commission that studied overhauling the system. “Someone new coming in could take a year just to understand the issues,” she said. “Someone like David Shulkin really provides continuity that can get reforms moving forward. ”"
251,17567,California Today: The Tale of the Laguna Beach Jumper - The New York Times,New York Times,Mike McPhate,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"Good morning. (Want to get California Today by email? Here’s the  .) Before disaster struck, Anthony Booth Armer had an epic summer. It started one day last June, during his shift as a server at a Laguna Beach restaurant. He had a flash of insight, he said  —   he needed a change. “And I got my stuff, walked out and just said: ‘I’m going to push it in what I love 100 percent. And that’s all I’m going to do. ’” That’s the moment the Laguna Beach jumper was born. Over the next months, Mr. Armer, 28, became an internet sensation by filming himself making dozens of   leaps into water from structures across the region. He seemed to flirt with death, rocketing within inches of rocks and ledges. His YouTube videos have raked in more than 23 million views and drawn attention from around the world. Comedy Central’s “Tosh. 0” ran a segment. Much of the online reaction has been withering, with some people criticizing Mr. Armer’s judgment and predicting a bad end. Fast forward to a couple weeks ago, and it happened. Launching himself from a rooftop, he struck the edge of a hotel swimming pool and badly shattered both of his feet. Now, a gambit that seemed to be going so well has turned his life upside down. Doctors told him he may not be able to run again. Mr. Armer faces trespassing and other charges. His family is angry with him, he said. And an anticipated windfall from his YouTube channel never came. (He said he’s made roughly $6, 000.) Asked if he harbored regrets, he said: “I mean, you could think of it in that way. I think of it as paying dues. I felt like I was in debt with the universe, so to speak. ” He added, “I think that this is just a lesson to show that I need to be more respectful. ” And after he heals up? He’s eyeing wingsuits, he said. (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.) • George Lucas’s new museum picked Los Angeles as its home over San Francisco, ending a monthslong competition. [The New York Times] • Gov. Jerry Brown sees a budget deficit. Legislative leaders see a surplus. [The Associated Press] • A police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black man in El Cajon last September will not face criminal charges. [The New York Times] • A new study raises questions about the effectiveness of the minimum wage at helping the working poor. [The New York Times] • Just who is counted as a gang member? The A. C. L. U. is suing over sweeping gang injunctions issued in Los Angeles. [The New York Times] • A legal battle is flaring over a new law that requires IMDb to comply with requests to unpublish actors’ ages. [Variety] • Mark Zuckerberg and Dr. Priscilla Chan are adding political muscle to their philanthropic work. [The New York Times] • Marijuana is legal in California. So why are people still getting busted in Yosemite? [McClatchy] • Evacuations and an avalanche  —   rain and snow continued to pummel Northern California. [Sacramento Bee] • Scientists say the storms are putting a major dent in California’s drought. [San Francisco Chronicle] • For the first time, the Sundance Film Festival will put a spotlight on one theme: global warming and the environment. [The New York Times] • Video: A Caltrans crew exploded an old bridge in Shasta County. [KRCR] At a confirmation hearing on Tuesday for Representative Xavier Becerra, who has been nominated to be California’s next attorney general, the big question on Democrats’ minds was hard to miss. How would Mr. Becerra handle the incoming Trump administration? Democratic members of a special Assembly committee made clear that they expected Mr. Becerra, a son of immigrants, to be a bulwark against any federal challenges to California’s stands on immigration, the environment and civil rights. Some of the remarks: The panel voted along party lines, 6 to 3, to support Mr. Becerra. The Republicans said he failed to assuage their concerns on issues including public safety and religious freedom. Next up, the nomination goes before the full chamber. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley."
252,17568,6 Volkswagen Executives Charged as Company Pleads Guilty in Emissions Case - The New York Times,New York Times,"Hiroko Tabuchi, Jack Ewing and Matt Apuzzo",2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Federal prosecutors announced criminal charges on Wednesday against six Volkswagen executives for their roles in the company’s   scandal, a sharp turn by a departing administration that is trying to remake its image of being soft on corporate crime. The six executives include a former head of development of the Volkswagen brand and the head of engine development. One of those charged on Wednesday, Oliver Schmidt, was arrested in Florida last week the other five are believed to be in Germany. Volkswagen also formally pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and to violate the Clean Air Act, customs violations and obstruction of justice. Many of the 600, 000 cars in the United States equipped with   software were imported from Germany or Mexico. The automaker is set to pay $4. 3 billion in criminal and civil penalties in connection with the federal investigation, bringing the total cost of the deception to Volkswagen in the United States, including settlements of suits by car owners, to $20 billion  —   one of the costliest corporate scandals in history. “Volkswagen knew of these problems,” Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch said at a news conference in Washington. “When regulators expressed concerns, Volkswagen obfuscated,” she said. “And they ultimately lied. ” Extracting a guilty plea from a major corporation is a notable feat for an administration that has been accused of allowing companies to buy themselves out of indictments through   deferred prosecution deals. The move comes as outgoing members of the Obama administration race to finish major cases before leaving their jobs. The Volkswagen case is also the first major test of a Justice Department commitment to hold executives more accountable, even as the agency braces for big changes in its top ranks under   Donald J. Trump. The Justice Department has been criticized for years as being too easy on the banks that caused the financial meltdown and set off a major recession. Though financial institutions paid large fines and settled civil cases, executives mostly avoided personal liability. And large companies have rarely faced criminal charges, a policy that some critics have derisively labeled “too big to jail. ” Moving to address that criticism, Deputy Attorney General Sally Q. Yates issued a new policy in September 2015, telling prosecutors to focus from the start of their investigations on prosecuting company officials found to have engaged in wrongdoing. Too often, Ms. Yates said, the Justice Department began with a corporate investigation, negotiated a civil settlement and only at the end of an inquiry asked whether any individuals should be prosecuted. “This isn’t just a paper policy  —   I think you’re seeing the results,” Ms. Yates said in a telephone interview on Wednesday. “There’s a shift in focus here that is across the board in the department, and it’s starting to bear fruit. ” Andrew McCabe, the deputy director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, underscored that point at the news conference with Ms. Lynch. “This case is a great example of the fact that no corporation is too big, no corporation is too global, and no person is beyond the law,” he said. The Volkswagen employees charged on Wednesday were   Neusser, 56, who oversaw development of the company’s brand Jens Hadler, 50, who oversaw engine development Richard Dorenkamp, 68, another supervisor of engine development Bernd Gottweis, 69, who helped oversee quality management and Jürgen Peter, 59, who was a liaison between regulatory agencies and the carmaker. They and Mr. Schmidt were charged with conspiracy to defraud the United States, defraud customers and violate the Clean Air Act. It is unclear whether the five executives named on Wednesday will ever appear in a United States court. If they are in Germany, the country does not normally extradite its citizens. Even if Germany does not extradite or prosecute them, the charges in the United States would severely limit their ability to travel. The case could also set up a diplomatic tussle between Germany and the coming administration, though Mr. Trump’s stance on the case is far from clear. Ms. Lynch said she could not speculate on whether Germany would hand over the men. Still, she said: “We’ve always worked very well with our German colleagues. ” Regulators in the United States first began to investigate Volkswagen early in 2014 after a study by West Virginia University showed that its diesel cars polluted far more on the road than during official emissions tests. Company executives knew that the cars were programmed to recognize when they were being tested and to deliver optimum pollution readings, according to investigators. But rather than admit wrongdoing, Volkswagen representatives provided false and misleading information for more than a year to the California Air Resources Board and the Environmental Protection Agency. Mr. Schmidt was arrested on Saturday at Miami International Airport as he was about to board a flight to Germany. In September, a former Volkswagen engineer who worked for the company in California, James Liang, pleaded guilty to charges that included conspiracy to defraud the federal government and violating the Clean Air Act. None of the executives charged on Wednesday were members of the Volkswagen management board, although several of them reported directly to the board. The lack of accusations against any top managers could help insulate Volkswagen from lawsuits by shareholders who have accused the company of failing to disclose the risks it faced. Several of those charged on Wednesday played management roles in the development of the diesel engines that were equipped with   defeat devices  —   software intended to mask excess emissions by cranking up pollution controls whenever a car was being tested on rollers in a lab. Others have been accused of concocting excuses for the excess emissions and trying to prevent regulators from discovering the truth. Volkswagen also admitted that its employees destroyed emails and other evidence in 2015 as it became clear that regulators would soon learn of the illegal software. Volkswagen’s board approved the company’s agreement with the government on Wednesday. It still needs the approval of Judge Sean F. Cox of Federal District Court in Detroit. As part of the settlement, the company will be under probation for three years and will be subject to the oversight of an independent monitor. Volkswagen must also cooperate with investigations into current and former employees. “Volkswagen deeply regrets the behavior that gave rise to the diesel crisis. Since all of this came to light, we have worked tirelessly to make things right for our affected customers,” said Matthias Müller, chief executive of Volkswagen. “The agreements that we have reached with the U. S. government reflect our determination to address misconduct that went against all of the values Volkswagen holds so dear. They are an important step forward for our company and all our employees. ” One of the key provisions Ms. Yates outlined in 2015 was a requirement that companies seeking leniency from the Justice Department provide prosecutors with information about employee wrongdoing. Defense lawyers criticized the measure, saying it would turn corporate lawyers into arms of the government. Since Ms. Yates issued the policy, many companies in corporate investigations have begun to create “Yates binders” of evidence to provide to investigators."
253,17569,Eric Holder to Lead Democrats’ Attack on Republican Gerrymandering - The New York Times,New York Times,Alexander Burns and Jonathan Martin,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   As he prepared last week to deliver his farewell address, President Obama convened three Democratic leaders in the White House for a strategy session on the future of their party. The quiet huddle included Senator Chuck Schumer of New York and Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the top Democrats in Congress, and Gov. Terry McAuliffe of Virginia. One topic of urgent concern, according to people briefed on the meeting: how to break the Republican Party’s iron grip on the congressional map. Thwarted for much of his term by a confrontational Republican Congress, and criticized by his fellow Democrats for not devoting sufficient attention to their   candidates, Mr. Obama has decided to make the byzantine process of legislative redistricting a central political priority in his first years after the presidency. Emerging as Mr. Obama’s chief collaborator and proxy is Eric H. Holder Jr. the former attorney general of the United States and a personal friend of the president. He has signed on to lead the National Democratic Redistricting Committee, a newly formed political group aimed at untangling the creatively drawn districts that have helped cement the Republican Party in power in Washington and many state capitals. In an interview this week at Covington  Burling, the Washington law firm where he is now in private practice, Mr. Holder, 65, said that he and Mr. Obama believe Republicans have undermined the political system by creating a patchwork of legislative maps  —   at both the state and federal levels  —   that are designed to stifle the will of voters. Echoing a number of Mr. Obama’s top advisers, Mr. Holder described fighting Republican gerrymandering as a “primary concern” for the president once he leaves the White House. “He thinks, and I think, that this is something that threatens our democracy,” Mr. Holder said. “We have a system now where the politicians are picking their voters, as opposed to voters making selections about who they want to represent them. ” Mr. Holder is set to kick off his initiative on Thursday with a speech at the Center for American Progress, a liberal think tank in Washington. The first major   event for the group is to take place in Chicago this spring David Jacobson, a former ambassador to Canada and an Obama campaign   is hosting the event. Mr. Holder said he anticipated that Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. would also be involved, along with other “present and former cabinet members. ” For Mr. Obama, the redistricting campaign signals how personally engaged in electoral politics he intends to be after leaving office, unlike many former presidents who enjoy something of a   period. Mr. Obama has also appeared to concede in recent weeks that he spent a limited amount of time tending to the Democratic Party as an institution during his time in office, and in a television interview explained almost apologetically that the presidency is a   job. But redistricting may be a special preoccupation among Mr. Obama and his allies: For them, Mr. Holder said, there is considerable resentment of how an entrenched House Republican majority undermined the president’s goals over   of his tenure. “The tasks that he had placed before him were made a lot more difficult, progress a lot more difficult, than it needed to be,” Mr. Holder said of Mr. Obama. “That’s because of the Congress that he had to deal with, which was a function of the 2010 redistricting effort. ” While Mr. Holder said he committed to lead the new Democratic group well before Election Day  —   and spoke with Hillary Clinton about redistricting during the presidential race  —   he said Donald J. Trump’s victory had intensified interest among activists and donors. The   and   campaign comes amid a broader resurgence in Democratic interest in state and local elections, at a moment when Republicans control every lever of government in Washington. Candidates seeking to lead the Democratic National Committee have called for a more intensive focus on nonfederal elections, and several senior Democrats said distraught party donors were turning their attention to the states. The Democratic Governors Association and the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee, two groups teaming up with Mr. Holder, are already recruiting candidates for upcoming   elections. Mr. McAuliffe, who declined to discuss the White House meeting, said he had been in touch with Ms. Pelosi and Mr. Schumer since the elections to refocus the party’s attention on races in the states. He said he and Ms. Pelosi had commiserated about the grim state of the congressional map. “I said: ‘Nancy, it doesn’t matter how much money you have if we don’t have lines where Democrats can run competitively and win,’” Mr. McAuliffe said. But Democrats have long suffered from a consuming obsession with the presidency at the expense of other elections, said Mr. McAuliffe, a former national party chairman. “We’ve got to be smarter about how we’re building the future of this party. We have been decimated at the state level, and it’s at the state level that they draw the maps,” he said, adding: “We raise all this money in the presidential, and then everybody goes away. ” The next round of congressional redistricting is still years away, after the next decennial census in 2020. But the officials drawing the maps in most states will be chosen in elections well before then, starting with the election for governor in Virginia this year. Democrats ruefully acknowledge now that before the 2010 census, riding high after Mr. Obama’s 2008 victory and seemingly secure in their hold on Congress, they were far less prepared than Republicans in gearing up for legislative reapportionment. The Republican Party mounted a ferocious    campaign that gave it overwhelming control of redistricting, allowing it to lock in many victories in the 2010 midterm elections. In the   to 2020, Democrats say, their goal in many places will be not to seize control of redistricting, but merely to capture one or two key offices to keep Republicans from locking them out of the process. Right now, there are 25 states in which Republicans control the whole government  —   the governorship and the legislature  —   versus just six wholly controlled by Democrats. Mr. Holder said his initiative would unfold on three fronts: In court, where Democrats will challenge   maps they see as violating the law on the campaign trail, where they will seek to win offices that influence redistricting and through ballot referendums in states that allow voters to give direct approval to laws mandating new procedures for legislative apportionment. Mr. Holder said he was also prepared to take an unaccustomed leap into electoral politics, campaigning for candidates around the country who can affect the redistricting process. A career prosecutor, Mr. Holder has quickly emerged as a leading figure in Democratic efforts to fight Mr. Trump he has been retained by the   California Legislature to help in any battles with the Trump administration. The success of the new effort will depend in part on whether the newfound appetite among Democrats for confronting gerrymandering can be sustained as more attention turns to what will be a   presidential primary, the sort of glamorous campaign that often attracts the most attention from liberal donors at the expense of   party building efforts. Republican donors have typically been more attentive to state elections they are expected to pour money into defending the party’s hold on power outside of Washington. Party strategists hope that having as   a figure as Mr. Holder, and eventually Mr. Obama himself, will make it easier for them to solicit   and   figure checks. Mr. Holder said he and Mr. Obama believed strongly that Democrats needed to look beyond Washington. “I can remember conversations with him where it was his view that it wouldn’t take huge amounts of money to have an impact on state and local races,” Mr. Holder said, “but that it would take a substantial amount of effort. ” Leading the legal offensive will be Marc Elias, the prominent Democratic election lawyer who has already won challenges to   maps in several states, including Florida and Virginia. Before 2010, Mr. Elias said Democrats had prepared for a conventional negotiation over drawing lines, in legislatures and in court, but had not matched the Republican Party’s yearslong strategy for dominating   elections, fueled by heavily funded outside groups. Mr. Obama, Mr. Elias said, would help “direct the best and the brightest in the party to see this as really important. ” For the moment, at least, Democrats are portraying their campaign as a matter of fairness, criticizing Republicans for having mangled the maps in places like Ohio and Michigan, so that solidly purple states are represented disproportionately by Republicans. Democrats believe that where states have drawn maps by nonpartisan means, or by court order, it has tended to benefit them. Republicans have tended to roll their eyes at Democratic complaints about redistricting, given how aggressively some in Mr. Obama’s party drew maps in their favor when Democrats had more   power. Mr. Holder said he viewed Republican gerrymandering as more extreme than anything Democrats had engineered for their own benefit in blue states. But he declined to say that Democrats should eschew gerrymandering of their own. Yet in a sign of tensions that might later emerge, Mr. Holder suggested that some Democratic incumbents might have to be willing to run in more competitive districts, to avoid clustering core Democratic constituencies in a tiny number of districts. Some senior black lawmakers have resisted efforts to overhaul the map in ways that would make their districts even modestly whiter and more competitive. Democrats see Mr. Obama and Mr. Holder as potentially persuasive messengers in easing such resistance. And Mr. Holder said bluntly that black lawmakers could also win seats that are not necessarily  . Incumbents of both parties, he said, should “get more comfortable with the notion that with fairly drawn districts, elections might be more significantly contested. ” He added: “That’s a good thing for our democracy. ”"
254,17570,Taiwan Responds After China Sends Carrier to Taiwan Strait - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael Forsythe and Chris Buckley,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"HONG KONG  —   Taiwan scrambled   fighter jets and dispatched a frigate to the Taiwan Strait on Wednesday after China sent its sole aircraft carrier into the waterway, Taiwan’s official Central News Agency reported. The transit of the aircraft carrier, the Liaoning, came amid rising tensions between Taiwan and China after   Donald J. Trump broke decades of protocol by speaking on the phone with Taiwan’s president, Tsai   after his election victory. Ms. Tsai leads a political party that has traditionally supported Taiwan’s formal independence from China. Ms. Tsai, who is visiting Central America this week, made two calls to officials in Taiwan seeking updates on the Liaoning’s transit, the Central News Agency reported, citing Alex Huang, the president’s spokesman. China’s decision to send the carrier through the waterway that separates it from Taiwan reflects an early foreign policy challenge for Mr. Trump. “It’s a show of force, and I think it is intended in part to intimidate, and that’s worrisome from the U. S. and Taiwan’s point of view because we don’t know how much more they are going to ratchet up these pressures and tensions,” said Bonnie S. Glaser, senior adviser for Asia at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. “If the Trump administration does see this as a test of U. S. resolve, I suspect they’ll push back pretty forcefully. ” China sent the carrier, which had been conducting exercises in the South China Sea, into the Taiwan Strait on Wednesday morning. Taiwan’s response was the third time in three days that air forces in the region had scrambled jets in response to Chinese military activity, after Japan and South Korea deployed fighters on Monday. Those actions occurred when a squadron of six Chinese bombers and two other aircraft flew over the waters that separate Japan and South Korea and over the Sea of Japan. Taiwan, considered by Beijing to be Chinese territory, has been governed separately since 1949, when the forces of the Nationalist leader Chiang   fled to the island after their defeat on the mainland by the Communists. China views any assertion of Taiwan’s separateness from the mainland  —   like Ms. Tsai’s call with Mr. Trump  —   as an affront to its claim of sovereignty. Since 1979, the United States has recognized the government in Beijing and broke off formal diplomatic ties to Taiwan as part of the One China policy. In the wake of the   call, China warned the incoming president against making changes to that policy after he takes office on Jan. 20. Liu Zhenmin, a Chinese vice foreign minister, said on Wednesday that the Taiwan Strait was an international waterway and that it was normal for the Liaoning to pass though it. The passage would not have any effect on   relations, he said in remarks carried in the Chinese news media. Mark C. Toner, a State Department spokesman, told reporters in Washington in response to a question about the Liaoning’s passage through the strait that the United States “wouldn’t have a problem” with countries sailing their vessels in international waters as long as it was done in accordance with international law. It also was not the first time the Liaoning had sailed through the strait: It passed through in November 2013 on its way to the South China Sea after having been commissioned only the year before. In that instance, the carrier kept to the western half of the strait, closer to mainland China. In a statement on Wednesday morning, Taiwan’s Defense Ministry said that the Liaoning was also staying to the west of the strait’s middle and urged citizens to remain calm. A transit on the eastern side, closer to Taiwan, would be viewed as much more provocative. Euan Graham, the director of the International Security Program at the Lowy Institute in Sydney, Australia, said that for the Chinese, traveling through the strait was a logical way to move from one area of fleet operations to another along its long coastline. In order for warships based in northern ports, like the Liaoning, to return home from southern waters, they must either pass close to Japanese islands or transit the Taiwan Strait. “Geography forces a very binary choice,” he said. Mr. Graham said it was important to see how the Liaoning conducted its passage. If it had aircraft on deck and was conducting flight operations, that would be seen as more provocative than if it passed through the strait with the aircraft in its hangar bay, he said. The Liaoning, commissioned in 2012 and built from a Soviet hull, is China’s first aircraft carrier. In past decades, the United States has shown its resolve to defend Taiwan by sailing carriers through the Taiwan Strait. In 1995, the aircraft carrier Nimitz transited the strait amid heightened tensions after Beijing conducted missile exercises in the waters. China’s military   is highly secretive, but it would seem inconceivable for the Liaoning to pass through such contested waters without approval from the president, Xi Jinping, who is also the chairman of the Central Military Commission, which controls the military. And the Chinese military media has described the aircraft carrier as embodying Mr. Xi’s plans for a stronger navy, capable of projecting force far beyond China’s territorial waters. Last Thursday, the front page of People’s Liberation Army Daily, the official newspaper of the Chinese military, featured a report about the aircraft carrier’s latest journey under the headline, “We’re sailing under the leader’s attentive gaze,” a clear tribute to Mr. Xi. Ma Xiaoguang, a spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office in Beijing, said in a news conference on Wednesday that the Liaoning’s passage was part of the ship’s scheduled training in the western Pacific, which had begun on Dec. 24. Mr. Ma also said that the   relationship in the coming year would face “increasing uncertainty, looming risks and challenges. ” He added that Taiwan’s government and “independence forces” there had “seriously threatened the peace and stability of the Taiwan Strait,” accusing them of engaging in separatist activities and warning that China would “resolutely safeguard its national sovereignty and territorial integrity. ” The aircraft carrier’s passage was part of a cluster of recent acts by the Chinese military that have raised hackles in the region. Last month, a Chinese warship seized an underwater drone belonging to the United States Navy about 50 miles northwest of Subic Bay in the Philippines. The drone was returned after the Obama administration publicly chided China over the seizure. On Monday, Japan said it had sent fighter jets into the air after Chinese bombers and surveillance planes flew over the East China Sea and the Sea of Japan. “When China was militarily weaker, Japan considered that area to be its backyard,” said Ni Lexiong, a naval affairs researcher at the Shanghai University of Political Science and Law. “This was a way of telling Japan that if there ever is conflict, the location of any future battle space won’t be decided by you and America. We have the initiative. So Japan, don’t think of meddling further afield in Taiwan or the South China Sea. ”"
255,17571,"As China Seeks Bigger Role on World Stage, Xi Jinping Will Go to Davos World Economic Forum - The New York Times",New York Times,Edward Wong,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"President Xi Jinping of China plans to stride into the snowy   conclave of the world’s financial elite next week, attending the World Economic Forum at Davos, Switzerland, the first time a top Chinese leader will put himself into the mix of political leaders and business executives who view themselves as the masters of the global economy. His participation was announced by the Chinese Foreign Ministry on Tuesday. It is the latest, and in some ways the boldest, Chinese attempt to compete with the United States’ dominant position in world economic and strategic institutions, a   campaign that has been carried out everywhere from the conference rooms of Asian central banks to the waters of the South China Sea to the halls of the United Nations in New York. But it is unclear whether Mr. Xi, who rarely ventures beyond platitudes in discussing the strategies of the world’s second largest economy, can take advantage of this time of transition when the rest of the world is gauging whether the United States is pulling back from global leadership. Mr. Xi may sense an opening during a historic inflection point. He plans to deliver a speech at Davos at a moment when the incoming United States president, Donald J. Trump, has suggested that the United States should withdraw from the traditional superpower role it has played since World War II, including its leadership of a global free trade agenda. In recent years, Davos had come to embody that   agenda  —   a gathering at an Alpine ski resort of some of the world’s most powerful figures in the realms of politics, media and technology. Discussions each year have been set by Western leaders, not Asian ones. But events of the past year brought into sharp focus a rise in populist denunciations of globalization, free trade and inequality in some Western nations, including the United States, with Davos frequently mentioned by critics as a symbol of the root causes of their countries’ ailments. China has benefited greatly from access to international trade markets since its entry in 2001 into the World Trade Organization, and it could now become the most vocal proponent of that system. Mr. Trump campaigned on opposition to the existing global trade system and has denounced China for competing unfairly against the United States. At Davos, Mr. Xi plans to lead a delegation of senior officials, China’s wealthiest entrepreneurs and top executives of   enterprises, including the China Poly Group Corporation, which has ties to the Chinese military. People’s Daily, the official Communist Party newspaper, published an article Wednesday that said China could become the “torchbearer of the open trade system” and boasted that Mr. Xi’s visit “will boost the world’s confidence in global governance. ” His appearance is a logical step in his country’s evolution into a   superpower, a rapid transformation that has been marked by bold symbolic gestures and events in the past decade, including the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing under President Hu Jintao, Mr. Xi’s predecessor. Mr. Xi has carried on that theme with much more aggressive actions, including overseeing construction of military infrastructure in the South China Sea’s contested waters and establishing a regional lending bank opposed by the United States. Premiers of China, including the current one, Li Keqiang, have attended Davos before, but the nation’s president  —   and head of the Communist Party  —   has never been to the gathering. “Clearly it signals that Xi Jinping is now interested in writing both China and himself in a grander way on the global diplomatic horizon,” said Orville Schell, director of the Center on U. S.  Relations at the Asia Society. “He feels it’s time to really come out. Behind that probably is an assumption and wishful thinking that the U. S. is in disarray, Europe is feckless, and so on. ” “He’ll be received almost as the number one citizen at Davos,” Mr. Schell added. Mr. Xi plans to attend Davos on Jan. 17, during a state visit to Switzerland from Jan. 15 to 18, said Lu Kang, a Foreign Ministry spokesman, at a regularly scheduled news conference in Beijing on Tuesday. Mr. Xi is expected to speak at the opening session of the forum, which runs from Jan. 17 to 20. Strong   sentiments erupted last year in the movement in Britain that culminated in the popular vote by British citizens to leave the European Union. But it was Mr. Trump’s election in November that was the apotheosis of the move in the West toward isolationism, and meetings and conversations at Davos  —   whose theme this year is “responsive and responsible leadership”  —   will take place in the shadow of Mr. Trump’s campaign promises and rhetoric. “It’s going to be very tempting for China to imagine for itself that it’s gained much more status after this election in a whole array of global endeavors, including trade and on climate change and possibly other issues,” Mr. Schell said. “If the U. S. is going to absent itself more  —   and we don’t know if that’s the case yet  —   nature does abhor a vacuum. When a father grows old, the son is sometimes able to fill the space. ” Victor Shih, a scholar of China’s political economy at the University of California, San Diego, said there are actually some global agenda matters on which China’s influence “might have peaked in the medium term. ” He pointed to China’s push in recent years to have the renminbi counted as an international currency. That has been undermined in the past year by efforts of the Chinese central bank, the People’s Bank of China, to withdraw large quantities of offshore renminbi from circulation. The bank has been doing that in order to try to prop up the value of the renminbi and limit capital flight from China, including the transfer of money to Hong Kong by wealthy Chinese. “The People’s Bank of China continues to claim that renminbi internationalization is important, and of course, at Davos, President Xi may continue to pay verbal homage to that agenda because it would be an important sign of China’s ascendance on the world stage,” Mr. Shih said. “Yet, in the past year, we have seen renminbi deposits outside of mainland China decline by hundreds of billions of renminbi. ” Among the Chinese tycoons expected to attend Davos are Wang Jianlin, founder of the Wanda Group, a property and cinema company, and Jack Ma, founder of the Alibaba Group, China’s biggest   company. They are commonly referred to as the two wealthiest men in China. Both are investing in the United States, and Mr. Ma met with Mr. Trump on Monday at Trump Tower in New York to discuss business opportunities between companies in the two countries. (Within Mr. Trump’s family, his    Jared Kushner, has been involved in personal business negotiations with top Chinese executives.) Some members of the Congress, mostly Republicans, have called for greater scrutiny of Chinese investments in the United States, including those by Wanda, which recently bought the AMC movie theater chain and Legendary Entertainment, a film production and financing company."
256,17572,Wintry Blast in Greece Imperils Refugees in Crowded Camps - The New York Times,New York Times,Liz Alderman,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"First it was the icy snow. Now comes the freezing rain. An arctic blast that has reached as far south as the Mediterranean is generating perilous conditions for thousands of refugees in overcrowded migrant camps in Greece and prompting the European Union to declare the situation “untenable. ” On Wednesday, a Greek navy ship docked at Lesbos island to take on as many as 500 refugees. They have been struggling to survive the subzero temperatures in the severely overcrowded main camp in Moria, using pup tents that were supposed to be temporary when they were set up last year in warmer weather. Video and photos taken by migrants inside the camp and posted to social media showed flimsy shelters sagging under a blanket of snow, and people waiting in long lines in the falling snow for food and to use bathrooms. In one video, a man identifying himself as a migrant shows people lifting the flaps of   tents near a slushy pathway. “Look at how human beings are living,” said the man, speaking French. Imploring officials of the European Union to look at the situation themselves, he said: “Why can’t people leave here? How is it possible to live in these conditions, my God?” On Tuesday night, the snow turned to freezing rain, forming rivers of muck around the camp and drenching tents and clothing, aid organizations reported. On Samos, another island where the main migrant camp is overflowing, refugees reported freezing conditions with no heat. At refugee camps on the Greek mainland, and especially near the northern border, migrants continued to grapple with living outside under heavy snowfall. “This is unbearable,” said Roland Schoenbauer, a spokesman for the United Nations high commissioner for refugees, who said he was receiving reports from doctors in camps across Greece warning of rising health risks from the cold and humidity. “It shows what happens when you try to squeeze too many people into these camps. You can’t stockpile human beings. ” A year after the European Union sealed its borders to large numbers of newcomers, Greece remains Europe’s holding pen for nearly 60, 000 men, women and children. Many have been living for months in a distressing limbo in sordid refugee camps on the mainland and on Greek islands near Turkey, unable to move to countries where they hoped to seek asylum, and with no means or motivation to return to Syria, Iraq or other countries from which they fled war or economic hardship. Eric Kempson, a British citizen who has been living on Lesbos for over a decade, has been documenting the deteriorating conditions in the Moria refugee camp, posting videos of tents collapsing under the weight of snow and migrants slogging through muddy walkways. “It is now heavy rain and melting snow, which is causing flooding in the camp,” Mr. Kempson wrote to The New York Times, via Facebook, describing the conditions in the camp on Wednesday. “It’s like we begin the vicious circle again and nothing gets better, only worse. ” On Monday, the European Commission issued a statement saying the Greek refugee situation was the responsibility of Greek authorities. “The situation has become untenable,” a spokeswoman, Natasha Bertaud, said in Brussels. The United Nations refugee agency and other aid groups have been working to move migrants from camps into better shelters, including hotels. In some cases, however, they have met resistance: Hotel owners on Samos, for example, were generally refusing to house migrants, Mr. Schoenbauer said. But a bigger problem is the extremely slow processing of asylum applications for those in the Greek camps. While the numbers of people streaming across the Aegean Sea from Turkey have slowed to a trickle after Turkey and the European Union signed a deal to resolve the crisis last March, thousands of migrants have yet to be registered for asylum. That is partly because the European Union has sent just a fraction of the assistance it pledged to Greece last year to help clear the backlog. A separate European Union plan to ease Greece’s burden by relocating tens of thousands of asylum seekers has also failed to take off, with European countries taking only a few thousand of the many stuck in Greece. The bottlenecks have overwhelmed many of the camps, especially on the Greek islands, where migrants arriving after the March deal are supposed to be held until being deported to Turkey. The camp at Moria, for instance, run by the Greek police and nongovernmental organizations and designed for about 3, 000 people, was reinforced with small container shelters that can each house up to 30 people. But hundreds of makeshift tents have been set up outside for months to accommodate an overflow of asylum seekers  —   first under the beating Greek sun, and now under the pelting snow and rain. “The snow is only the tip of the iceberg,” Mr. Schoenbauer said. “The bigger problem is the overcrowding of the islands, and one reason for the overcrowding is the fact that the asylum procedure remains far too slow. ”"
257,17573,Young Symbol of Afghan Resilience Joins List of Lost Leaders - The New York Times,New York Times,Mujib Mashal and Taimoor Shah,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"KABUL, Afghanistan  —   Abdul Ali Shamsi had already covered a lot of ground before he moved to Kandahar Province to become deputy governor a year and a half ago. Mr. Shamsi was at the vanguard of a new generation of Afghan leaders. From an early job as a security guard in Kabul, he became a security expert in Helmand Province and moved up in the provincial government there. And he helped found the Afghanistan 1400 youth political movement, starting public campaigns to console victims of violence around the country and to raise support for Afghan governance. “These efforts have two impacts: One is we stand up against things we believe are wrong, but the other more important factor is we project courage,” he told The Guardian newspaper a few years ago, as he was spearheading an effort to clean up and reopen a lakeside picnic spot in Kabul after a Taliban attack. “We enable people to stand up against violence, people who in many ways have been passive because of fears instilled among the population. ” On Tuesday, Mr. Shamsi, 38, became a victim of the kind of violence he had helped others withstand, killed along with 10 other people when explosives placed within the Kandahar governor’s guesthouse detonated during a reception for visiting Arab officials. He was the third Kandahar deputy governor to be killed in the line of duty in just a few years, and he knew, in taking the job, that he would be just as much a target as his two predecessors  —   one a young poet and writer who was gunned down in a university classroom and, before that, an engineer who was killed by a suicide bomber on his way to work. The attack in Kandahar this week seemed expressly aimed at breaking down the cause that Mr. Shamsi and his colleagues were dedicated to: trying to restore faith in government after years of devastating war and disappointing failures. Among the dead were an Afghan senator and a member of Parliament, five officials from the United Arab Emirates and an Afghan envoy to the United States, according to officials. Eighteen others were wounded. The governor of Kandahar, Humayoon Azizi, and the ambassador of the United Arab Emirates, Juma Mohammed Abdullah   were among the wounded, but their injuries were not considered   said Gen. Abdul Raziq, the security chief of Kandahar Province. The president of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed   said in a statement that the officials were in Kandahar “to carry out humanitarian, educational and development projects. ” He ordered flags to be flown at   for three days of mourning in his country. The explosions in Kandahar capped a bloody day in Afghanistan. A bombing targeted a meeting of militia commanders in the Helmand provincial capital, Lashkar Gah, killing from seven to 11 people, according to various Afghan officials. Hours later, a double bombing that was claimed by the Taliban killed at least 38 people and wounded 86 others outside the Parliament during the early evening rush hour. Even by the standards of Kandahar, which has a long history of officials and elders being targeted in complex attacks over the years, the extent of the security breach raised questions. To get to the governor’s guesthouse requires passing through multiple security checks, and measures were so tight on Tuesday before the dignitaries’ visit that, according to one official, Mr. Shamsi’s own car was even searched. General Raziq said that an intense investigation into the attack was starting, and that the national security adviser was coming to Kandahar to lead the effort. In an interview, the police commander said the guesthouse had been under construction for months, with about three dozen workers coming to the site each day, raising the possibility that explosives could have been smuggled in that way. “We have detained several people who were working there, and they are under investigation,” General Raziq said. The general, who  has survived dozens of attacks himself, barely escaped this one. He said he had walked out of the hall to offer his evening prayers in the next room when the explosives went off. “I wasn’t finished with my prayers when the loud explosion occurred,” General Raziq said. “It shook the whole building, blew out the windows, and the entire hall was in flames that were out of control. ” Many of the bodies were burned beyond recognition, Afghan officials said. And despite the government’s formally declaring Mr. Shamsi among the dead, his brother, Fazal Bari Shamsi, said the family had yet to receive the body, which was awaiting DNA testing for identification. On Wednesday, tributes poured in after it was confirmed that Mr. Shamsi was among the dead. President Ashraf Ghani was described as openly grieving, remaining solemn through his morning meeting with aides and describing Mr. Shamsi’s death as a profound loss for the country. “This unfortunate and poor nation had such need for you,” wrote Baryalai Helmand in a Facebook post about Mr. Shamsi. “The martyrdom of youth like you breaks our back. ” Shaharzad Akbar, who was one of the founding members of Afghanistan 1400 along with Mr. Shamsi, posted another emotional tribute. “He always gave us morale  —   in the hardest days he was hopeful, and in the darkest moments patriotic,” Ms. Akbar wrote. “He was more experienced than most of us. With me, a much younger girl with much less experience, he would interact with such respect that it would put me to shame. ” The political group found itself developing a side specialty in trying to rebuild after violence. When a gruesome massacre took place in western Farah Province, Mr. Shamsi was among the group of young leaders who traveled to the province to console the residents of the shaken city. As the most experienced of the lot, having dealt with death and violence during his years in Helmand and the American troop surge, he often took the lead in those kinds of delegations. One of Mr. Shamsi’s first acts on the job the day he became deputy governor in August 2015 was to visit the elderly father of his assassinated predecessor, Abdul Qadeem Patyal, to pay his respects. Dawa Khan Meenapal, then the provincial director of culture in Kandahar and currently a deputy spokesman for Mr. Ghani, was with him. “It was the atmosphere of a funeral, especially after Patyal’s children came to the room,” Mr. Meenapal said about the visit. “The two deputy governors before him had been martyred. Shamsi knew that working in Kandahar meant being mentally prepared for that. ”"
258,17574,Samsung Group Leader Is Named a Suspect in South Korean Bribery Inquiry - The New York Times,New York Times,Choe Sang-Hun,2017-03-11,2017.0,3.0,,"SEOUL, South Korea  —   A special prosecutor investigating the corruption scandal that led to President Park  ’s impeachment summoned the de facto head of Samsung for questioning on Wednesday, calling him a bribery suspect. The de facto leader, Jay Y. Lee, the vice chairman of Samsung, will be questioned on Thursday, according to the special prosecutor’s office, which recommended that he also be investigated on suspicion of perjury. Mr. Lee effectively runs Samsung, South Korea’s largest conglomerate he is the son of its chairman, Lee   who has been incapacitated with health problems. He is expected to be asked whether   donations that Samsung made to two foundations controlled by Choi   a longtime friend of the president, amounted to bribes, and what role, if any, he played in the decision to give the money. Investigators at the special prosecutor’s office have questioned other senior Samsung executives as suspects about the bribery accusations. Neither Samsung nor Mr. Lee responded immediately to the announcement on Wednesday. Allegations that Ms. Park helped Ms. Choi extort millions in bribes from Samsung and other companies are at the heart of the corruption scandal that led to the National Assembly’s vote to impeach her last month. Since then, Ms. Park’s powers have been suspended, and she is on trial at the Constitutional Court, which will ultimately decide whether to end her presidency. Last month, Mr. Lee testified at a National Assembly hearing that he was not involved in the decision by Samsung to make the donations. He also said that the donations were not voluntary, suggesting that the company was a victim of extortion, not a participant in bribery. The reference on Wednesday to possible perjury charges against Mr. Lee stemmed from that testimony. The special prosecutor’s office said it had evidence that Mr. Lee had “received a request for bribery from the president and ordered Samsung subsidiaries to send bribes to destinations designated by the president. ” It asked the National Assembly to file a perjury complaint against Mr. Lee, which would authorize the special prosecutor to open an investigation of that charge. Asked whether investigators would seek to arrest Mr. Lee on bribery charges, a spokesman for the special prosecutor’s office, Lee   said, “All possibilities are open. ” In November, state prosecutors indicted Ms. Choi on charges of coercing 53 big businesses, including Samsung, to contribute $69 million to her two foundations. They identified Ms. Park as an accomplice but stopped short of filing any charges against the businesses, all of which insisted that they were under government pressure to donate. In its impeachment bill, the National Assembly asserted that the donations were bribes, made with the expectation of political favors from the president. The special prosecutor, which took over the investigations from the state prosecutors last month, has been looking into possible bribery charges against not only Ms. Park but the businesses, particularly Samsung. Ms. Park cannot be indicted while in office. Samsung gave the largest donations to Ms. Choi’s foundations, totaling $17 million. Unlike the other corporate contributors, it went beyond support for the foundations, signing an $18 million contract with a sports management company that Ms. Choi ran in Germany, to fund a program for training Korean equestrians, which mainly benefited Ms. Choi’s daughter. Samsung also contributed $1. 3 million to a winter sports program for young athletes that Ms. Choi and her nephew ran. Also on Wednesday, the special prosecutor’s office said it had acquired a tablet computer used by Ms. Choi that contained emails she exchanged with a Samsung executive. The emails contained information about the financial support provided by Samsung, the prosecutor’s office said. The special prosecutor has been investigating whether Samsung gave its support to Ms. Choi in exchange for a decision by the   National Pension Service to support a contentious merger of two Samsung affiliates in 2015. Moon   chairman of the pension fund, was arrested last month on charges that he illegally pressured the fund to back that merger when he was South Korea’s health and welfare minister. The national pension fund’s support was crucial for the merger, which analysts said helped Mr. Lee inherit control of Samsung from his father."
259,17575,Arms Seized Off Coast of Yemen Appear to Have Been Made in Iran - The New York Times,New York Times,C. J. Chivers and Eric Schmitt,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"Photographs recently released by the Australian government show that light   weapons seized from a smuggling vessel near Yemen’s coast appear to have been manufactured in Iran, further suggesting that Tehran has had a hand in a   gunrunning operation to the Horn of Africa and the Arabian Peninsula. The weapons, a selection of at least nine   grenade launchers, were among thousands of weapons seized by an Australian warship, the Darwin, in February from an Iranian dhow that was sailing under the name Samer. The photographs of the weapons, a sample of the much larger quantity of arms, were obtained by the Small Arms Survey, a   international research center, after a long   dispute with the Australian military. Iran has been repeatedly accused of providing arms helping to fuel one side of the war in Yemen, in which rebels from the country’s north, known as the Houthis, ousted the government from the capital, Sana, in 2014. The United States and other Western governments have provided vast quantities of weapons, and other forms of military support, to the embattled government and its allies in a coalition led by Saudi Arabia, contributing to violence that the United Nations said last year had caused more than 10, 000 civilian casualties. Matthew Schroeder, an analyst for the survey, said a study of the weapons’ characteristics and factory markings had showed that they match     grenade launchers previously documented in Iraq in 2008 and 2015, and in Ivory Coast in 2014 and 2015. That finding follows a report late last year by Conflict Armament Research, a private arms consultancy, that said the available evidence pointed to an apparent “weapon pipeline, extending from Iran to Somalia and Yemen, which involves the transfer, by dhow, of significant quantities of   weapons and weapons that plausibly derive from Iranian stockpiles. ” For years, Iran has been under a series of international sanctions prohibiting it from exporting arms. The United States has frequently claimed that Tehran has violated the sanctions in support of proxy forces in many conflicts, including in Iraq, Syria, Yemen and the Palestinian territories. The grenade launchers that were the subject of Mr. Schroeder’s analysis are the central component of a reusable weapon system commonly called  . They were among 81 launchers seized on the Samer by Australian sailors, part of a hidden cargo that included 1, 968 Kalashnikov assault rifles, 49 PK machine guns, 41 spare   barrels and 20   mortar tubes  —   enough weapons to arm a potent ground force. Although the evidence was not conclusive, Mr. Schroeder said, “the seizure appears to be yet another example of Iranian weapons being shipped abroad despite longstanding U. N. restrictions on arms transfers from Iran. ” With Iran observing three days of mourning following the death of Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, it was not possible to contact the government for comment. But on previous occasions, Iran has refused to respond to inquiries about the smuggling. The Samer episode was one of four interdictions of Iranian dhows from September 2015 through March 2016 that yielded, in total, more than 80 antitank guided missiles and 5, 000 Kalashnikov rifles as well as sniper rifles, machine guns and almost 300 RPG launchers, according to data provided by the United States Navy. In 2013, the Navy stopped another dhow off the Yemeni coast and found it to be carrying   antiaircraft missiles and launchers, rifle and   cartridges, C4 plastic explosives,   equipment and other military items. In an interview in Bahrain, Vice Adm. Kevin M. Donegan, the commander of the Navy’s Fifth Fleet, suggested that these seizures were part of a larger effort by Iran to move weapons to the Houthis. “Absolutely it’s not everything,” he said of the four seizures in 2015 and 2016. “These are the ones that I know of because we were able to interdict them. ” Admiral Donegan noted, however, that the captains operating the vessels are typically “   fishermen, smugglers they’re not necessarily working for the government” of Iran. He added that the evidence of Iran’s hand in the shipments, while strong, was not ironclad. This echoed the report by Conflict Armament Research, which said that antitank weapons apparently seized in Yemen have matched lot numbers for the same class of weapons seized on Iranian dhows but stopped short of claiming to have clear proof of an Iranian government hand. The consultancy also documented weapons manufactured by China, Russia, Romania, Bulgaria and perhaps in North Korea in seizures from the dhows. The consultancy also did not suggest that the evidence indicated a direct handoff of weapons from the dhows to Houthi forces. Rather, it said, the weapons appear to be offloaded in Somalia and transferred to smaller vessels for smuggling into southern Yemen. Weapons from Iranian dhows would not be alone in reaching the conflict, which has been fueled in part by extensive arms transfers by outside governments. Western governments, including those of the United States, Britain and Canada, have provided billions of dollars worth of weapons and military equipment, as well as intelligence and logistics support, to the   coalition, which has been waging an extensive bombing campaign against the Houthis. Among the   weapons have been   guided bombs and cluster munitions, both of which have been linked by human rights groups and journalists to attacks on Yemeni factories and civilian deaths."
260,17577,President Obama’s Farewell Address: Full Video and Text - The New York Times,New York Times,,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"President Obama delivered his farewell address in Chicago on Tuesday. The following is the complete transcript, as provided by the Federal News Service. OBAMA: Hello Chicago! (APPLAUSE) It’s good to be home! (APPLAUSE) Thank you, everybody! (APPLAUSE) Thank you. (APPLAUSE) Thank you. (APPLAUSE) Thank you so much, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. (APPLAUSE) It’s good to be home. Thank you. (APPLAUSE) We’re on live TV here, I’ve got to move. (APPLAUSE) You can tell that I’m a lame duck, because nobody is following instructions. (LAUGHTER) Everybody have a seat. My fellow Americans, Michelle and I have been so touched by all the   that we’ve received over the past few weeks. But tonight it’s my turn to say thanks. Whether we have seen    or rarely agreed at all, my conversations with you, the American people  —   in living rooms and in schools at farms and on factory floors at diners and on distant military outposts  —   those conversations are what have kept me honest, and kept me inspired, and kept me going. And every day, I have learned from you. You made me a better president, and you made me a better man. So I first came to Chicago when I was in my early twenties, and I was still trying to figure out who I was still searching for a purpose to my life. And it was a neighborhood not far from here where I began working with church groups in the shadows of closed steel mills. It was on these streets where I witnessed the power of faith, and the quiet dignity of working people in the face of struggle and loss. (CROWD CHANTING “FOUR MORE YEARS”) I can’t do that. Now this is where I learned that change only happens when ordinary people get involved, and they get engaged, and they come together to demand it. After eight years as your president, I still believe that. And it’s not just my belief. It’s the beating heart of our American idea  —   our bold experiment in  . It’s the conviction that we are all created equal, endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights, among them life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. It’s the insistence that these rights, while   have never been   that We, the People, through the instrument of our democracy, can form a more perfect union. What a radical idea, the great gift that our Founders gave to us. The freedom to chase our individual dreams through our sweat, and toil, and imagination  —   and the imperative to strive together as well, to achieve a common good, a greater good. For 240 years, our nation’s call to citizenship has given work and purpose to each new generation. It’s what led patriots to choose republic over tyranny, pioneers to trek west, slaves to brave that makeshift railroad to freedom. It’s what pulled immigrants and refugees across oceans and the Rio Grande. It’s what pushed women to reach for the ballot. It’s what powered workers to organize. It’s why GIs gave their lives at Omaha Beach and Iwo Jima Iraq and Afghanistan  —   and why men and women from Selma to Stonewall were prepared to give theirs as well. (APPLAUSE) So that’s what we mean when we say America is exceptional. Not that our nation has been flawless from the start, but that we have shown the capacity to change, and make life better for those who follow. Yes, our progress has been uneven. The work of democracy has always been hard. It has been contentious. Sometimes it has been bloody. For every two steps forward, it often feels we take one step back. But the long sweep of America has been defined by forward motion, a constant widening of our founding creed to embrace all, and not just some. (APPLAUSE) If I had told you eight years ago that America would reverse a great recession, reboot our auto industry, and unleash the longest stretch of job creation in our history  —   if I had told you that we would open up a new chapter with the Cuban people, shut down Iran’s nuclear weapons program without firing a shot, take out the mastermind of    —   if I had told you that we would win marriage equality and secure the right to health insurance for another 20 million of our fellow citizens  —   if I had told you all that, you might have said our sights were set a little too high. But that’s what we did. That’s what you did. You were the change. The answer to people’s hopes and, because of you, by almost every measure, America is a better, stronger place than it was when we started. In 10 days the world will witness a hallmark of our democracy. No, no, no, no, no. The peaceful transfer of power from one   President to the next. I committed to   Trump that my administration would ensure the smoothest possible transition, just as President Bush did for me. Because it’s up to all of us to make sure our government can help us meet the many challenges we still face. We have what we need to do so. We have everything we need to meet those challenges. After all, we remain the wealthiest, most powerful, and most respected nation on earth. Our youth, our drive, our diversity and openness, our boundless capacity for risk and reinvention means that the future should be ours. But that potential will only be realized if our democracy works. Only if our politics better reflects the decency of our people. Only if all of us, regardless of party affiliation or particular interests help restore the sense of common purpose that we so badly need right now. And that’s what I want to focus on tonight, the state of our democracy. Understand democracy does not require uniformity. Our founders argued, they quarreled, and eventually they compromised. They expected us to do the same. But they knew that democracy does require a basic sense of solidarity. The idea that, for all our outward differences, we’re all in this together, that we rise or fall as one. There have been moments throughout our history that threatened that solidarity. And the beginning of this century has been one of those times. A shrinking world, growing inequality, demographic change, and the specter of terrorism. These forces haven’t just tested our security and our prosperity, but are testing our democracy as well. And how we meet these challenges to our democracy will determine our ability to educate our kids and create good jobs and protect our homeland. In other words, it will determine our future. To begin with, our democracy won’t work without a sense that everyone has economic opportunity. (APPLAUSE) And the good news is that today the economy is growing again. Wages, incomes, home values and retirement accounts are all rising again. Poverty is falling again. (APPLAUSE) The wealthy are paying a fair share of taxes. Even as the stock market shatters records, the unemployment rate is near a   low. The uninsured rate has never, ever been lower. (APPLAUSE) Health care costs are rising at the slowest rate in 50 years. And I’ve said, and I mean it, anyone can put together a plan that is demonstrably better than the improvements we’ve made to our health care system, that covers as many people at less cost, I will publicly support it. (APPLAUSE) Because that, after all, is why we serve. Not to score points or take credit. But to make people’s lives better. (APPLAUSE) But, for all the real progress that we’ve made, we know it’s not enough. Our economy doesn’t work as well or grow as fast when a few prosper at the expense of a growing middle class, and ladders for folks who want to get into the middle class. (APPLAUSE) That’s the economic argument. But stark inequality is also corrosive to our democratic idea. While the top 1 percent has amassed a bigger share of wealth and income, too many of our families in inner cities and in rural counties have been left behind. The laid off factory worker, the waitress or health care worker who’s just barely getting by and struggling to pay the bills. Convinced that the game is fixed against them. That their government only serves the interest of the powerful. That’s a recipe for more cynicism and polarization in our politics. Now there’re no quick fixes to this   trend. I agree, our trade should be fair and not just free. But the next wave of economic dislocations won’t come from overseas. It will come from the relentless pace of automation that makes a lot of good middle class jobs obsolete. And so we’re going to have to forge a new social compact to guarantee all our kids the education they need. (APPLAUSE) To give workers the power. .. (APPLAUSE) . .. to unionize for better wages. (CHEERS) To update the social safety net to reflect the way we live now. (APPLAUSE) And make more reforms to the tax code so corporations and the individuals who reap the most from this new economy don’t avoid their obligations to the country that’s made their very success possible. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) We can argue about how to best achieve these goals. But we can’t be complacent about the goals themselves. For if we don’t create opportunity for all people, the disaffection and division that has stalled our progress will only sharpen in years to come. There’s a second threat to our democracy. And this one is as old as our nation itself. After my election there was talk of a   America. And such a vision, however well intended, was never realistic. Race remains a potent. .. (APPLAUSE) . .. and often divisive force in our society. Now I’ve lived long enough to know that race relations are better than they were 10 or 20 or 30 years ago, no matter what some folks say. (APPLAUSE) You can see it not just in statistics. You see it in the attitudes of young Americans across the political spectrum. But we’re not where we need to be. And all of us have more work to do. (APPLAUSE) If every economic issue is framed as a struggle between a hardworking white middle class and an undeserving minority, then workers of all shades are going to be left fighting for scraps while the wealthy withdraw further into their private enclaves. (APPLAUSE) If we’re unwilling to invest in the children of immigrants, just because they don’t look like us, we will diminish the prospects of our own children  —   because those brown kids will represent a larger and larger share of America’s workforce. (APPLAUSE) And we have shown that our economy doesn’t have to be a   game. Last year, incomes rose for all races, all age groups, for men and for women. So if we’re going to be serious about race going forward, we need to uphold laws against discrimination  —   in hiring, and in housing, and in education, and in the criminal justice system. (APPLAUSE) That is what our Constitution and highest ideals require. But laws alone won’t be enough. Hearts must change. It won’t change overnight. Social attitudes oftentimes take generations to change. But if our democracy is to work the way it should in this increasingly diverse nation, then each one of us need to try to heed the advice of a great character in American fiction, Atticus Finch, who said “You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view, until you climb into his skin and walk around in it. ” For blacks and other minority groups, that means tying our own very real struggles for justice to the challenges that a lot of people in this country face. Not only the refugee or the immigrant or the rural poor or the transgender American, but also the   white guy who from the outside may seem like he’s got all the advantages, but has seen his world upended by economic, and cultural, and technological change. We have to pay attention and listen. (APPLAUSE) For white Americans, it means acknowledging that the effects of slavery and Jim Crow didn’t suddenly vanish in the ’60s that when minority groups voice discontent, they’re not just engaging in reverse racism or practicing political correctness when they wage peaceful protest, they’re not demanding special treatment, but the equal treatment that our founders promised. (APPLAUSE) For   Americans, it means reminding ourselves that the stereotypes about immigrants today were said, almost word for word, about the Irish, and Italians, and Poles, who it was said were going to destroy the fundamental character of America. And as it turned out, America wasn’t weakened by the presence of these newcomers these newcomers embraced this nation’s creed, and this nation was strengthened. (APPLAUSE) So regardless of the station we occupy we all have to try harder we all have to start with the premise that each of our fellow citizens loves this country just as much as we do that they value hard work and family just like we do that their children are just as curious and hopeful and worthy of love as our own. (APPLAUSE) (CHEERING) And that’s not easy to do. For too many of us it’s become safer to retreat into our own bubbles, whether in our neighborhoods, or on college campuses, or places of worship, or especially our social media feeds, surrounded by people who look like us and share the same political outlook and never challenge our assumptions. In the rise of naked partisanship and increasing economic and regional stratification, the splintering of our media into a channel for every taste, all this makes this great sorting seem natural, even inevitable. And increasingly we become so secure in our bubbles that we start accepting only information, whether it’s true or not, that fits our opinions, instead of basing our opinions on the evidence that is out there. (APPLAUSE) And this trend represents a third threat to our democracy. Look, politics is a battle of ideas. That’s how our democracy was designed. In the course of a healthy debate, we prioritize different goals, and the different means of reaching them. But without some common baseline of facts, without a willingness to admit new information and concede that your opponent might be making a fair point, and that science and reason matter, then we’re going to keep talking past each other. (CROWD CHEERS) And we’ll make common ground and compromise impossible. And isn’t that part of what so often makes politics dispiriting? How can elected officials rage about deficits when we propose to spend money on   for kids, but not when we’re cutting taxes for corporations? How do we excuse ethical lapses in our own party, but pounce when the other party does the same thing? It’s not just dishonest, it’s selective sorting of the facts. It’s   because, as my mom used to tell me, reality has a way of catching up with you. Take the challenge of climate change. In just eight years we’ve halved our dependence on foreign oil, we’ve doubled our renewable energy, we’ve led the world to an agreement that (at) the promise to save this planet. (APPLAUSE) But without bolder action, our children won’t have time to debate the existence of climate change. They’ll be busy dealing with its effects. More environmental disasters, more economic disruptions, waves of climate refugees seeking sanctuary. Now we can and should argue about the best approach to solve the problem. But to simply deny the problem not only betrays future generations, it betrays the essential spirit of this country, the essential spirit of innovation and practical   that guided our founders. (CROWD CHEERS) It is that spirit  —   it is that spirit born of the enlightenment that made us an economic powerhouse. The spirit that took flight at Kitty Hawk and Cape Canaveral, the spirit that cures disease and put a computer in every pocket, it’s that spirit. A faith in reason and enterprise, and the primacy of right over might, that allowed us to resist the lure of fascism and tyranny during the Great Depression, that allowed us to build a   War II order with other democracies. An order based not just on military power or national affiliations, but built on principles, the rule of law, human rights, freedom of religion and speech and assembly and an independent press. (APPLAUSE) That order is now being challenged. First by violent fanatics who claim to speak for Islam. More recently by autocrats in foreign capitals who seek free markets in open democracies and civil society itself as a threat to their power. The peril each poses to our democracy is more far reaching than a car bomb or a missile. They represent the fear of change. The fear of people who look or speak or pray differently. A contempt for the rule of law that holds leaders accountable. An intolerance of dissent and free thought. A belief that the sword or the gun or the bomb or the propaganda machine is the ultimate arbiter of what’s true and what’s right. Because of the extraordinary courage of our men and women in uniform. Because of our intelligence officers and law enforcement and diplomats who support our troops. .. (APPLAUSE) . .. no foreign terrorist organization has successfully planned and executed an attack on our homeland these past eight years. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) And although. .. (APPLAUSE) . .. Boston and Orlando and San Bernardino and Fort Hood remind us of how dangerous radicalization can be, our law enforcement agencies are more effective and vigilant than ever. We have taken out tens of thousands of terrorists, including Bin Laden. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) The global coalition we’re leading against ISIL has taken out their leaders and taken away about half their territory. ISIL will be destroyed. And no one who threatens America will ever be safe. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) And all who serve or have served  —   it has been the honor of my lifetime to be your   . (CHEERS) And we all owe you a deep debt of gratitude. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) But, protecting our way of life, that’s not just the job of our military. Democracy can buckle when it gives into fear. So just as we as citizens must remain vigilant against external aggression, we must guard against a weakening of the values that make us who we are. (APPLAUSE) And that’s why for the past eight years I’ve worked to put the fight against terrorism on a firmer legal footing. That’s why we’ve ended torture, worked to close Gitmo, reformed our laws governing surveillance to protect privacy and civil liberties. (APPLAUSE) That’s why I reject discrimination against Muslim Americans. .. (CHEERS) . .. who are just as patriotic as we are. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) That’s why. .. (APPLAUSE) That’s why we cannot withdraw. .. (APPLAUSE) That’s why we cannot withdraw from big global fights to expand democracy and human rights and women’s rights and LGBT rights. (APPLAUSE) No matter how imperfect our efforts, no matter how expedient ignoring such values may seem, that’s part of defending America. For the fight against extremism and intolerance and sectarianism and chauvinism are of a piece with the fight against authoritarianism and nationalist aggression. If the scope of freedom and respect for the rule of law shrinks around the world, the likelihood of war within and between nations increases, and our own freedoms will eventually be threatened. So let’s be vigilant, but not afraid. ISIL will try to kill innocent people. But they cannot defeat America unless we betray our Constitution and our principles in the fight. (APPLAUSE) Rivals like Russia or China cannot match our influence around the world  —   unless we give up what we stand for, and turn ourselves into just another big country that bullies smaller neighbors. Which brings me to my final point  —   our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted. (APPLAUSE) All of us, regardless of party, should be throwing ourselves into the task of rebuilding our democratic institutions. (APPLAUSE) When voting rates in America are some of the lowest among advanced democracies, we should be making it easier, not harder, to vote. (APPLAUSE) When trust in our institutions is low, we should reduce the corrosive influence of money in our politics, and insist on the principles of transparency and ethics in public service. When Congress is dysfunctional, we should draw our districts to encourage politicians to cater to common sense and not rigid extremes. (APPLAUSE) But remember, none of this happens on its own. All of this depends on our participation on each of us accepting the responsibility of citizenship, regardless of which way the pendulum of power happens to be swinging. Our Constitution is a remarkable, beautiful gift. But it’s really just a piece of parchment. It has no power on its own. We, the people, give it power. We, the people, give it meaning  —   with our participation, and with the choices that we make and the alliances that we forge. Whether or not we stand up for our freedoms. Whether or not we respect and enforce the rule of law, that’s up to us. America is no fragile thing. But the gains of our long journey to freedom are not assured. In his own farewell address, George Washington wrote that   is the underpinning of our safety, prosperity, and liberty, but “from different causes and from different quarters much pains will be taken. .. to weaken in your minds the conviction of this truth. ” And so we have to preserve this truth with “jealous anxiety” that we should reject “the first dawning of every attempt to alienate any portion of our country from the rest or to enfeeble the sacred ties” that make us one. (APPLAUSE) America, we weaken those ties when we allow our political dialogue to become so corrosive that people of good character aren’t even willing to enter into public service. So coarse with rancor that Americans with whom we disagree are seen, not just as misguided, but as malevolent. We weaken those ties when we define some of us as more American than others. (APPLAUSE) When we write off the whole system as inevitably corrupt. And when we sit back and blame the leaders we elect without examining our own role in electing them. (CROWD CHEERS) It falls to each of us to be those anxious, jealous guardians of our democracy. Embrace the joyous task we have been given to continually try to improve this great nation of ours because, for all our outward differences, we in fact all share the same proud type, the most important office in a democracy, citizen. (APPLAUSE) Citizen. So, you see, that’s what our democracy demands. It needs you. Not just when there’s an election, not just when you own narrow interest is at stake, but over the full span of a lifetime. If you’re tired of arguing with strangers on the Internet, try talking with one of them in real life. (APPLAUSE) If something needs fixing, then lace up your shoes and do some organizing. (CROWD CHEERS) If you’re disappointed by your elected officials, grab a clip board, get some signatures, and run for office yourself. (CROWD CHEERS) Show up, dive in, stay at it. Sometimes you’ll win, sometimes you’ll lose. Presuming a reservoir in goodness, that can be a risk. And there will be times when the process will disappoint you. But for those of us fortunate enough to have been part of this one and to see it up close, let me tell you, it can energize and inspire. And more often than not, your faith in America and in Americans will be confirmed. Mine sure has been. (APPLAUSE) Over the course of these eight years, I’ve seen the hopeful faces of young graduates and our newest military officers. I have mourned with grieving families searching for answers, and found grace in a Charleston church. I’ve seen our scientists help a paralyzed man regain his sense of touch. I’ve seen Wounded Warriors who at points were given up for dead walk again. I’ve seen our doctors and volunteers rebuild after earthquakes and stop pandemics in their tracks. I’ve seen the youngest of children remind us through their actions and through their generosity of our obligations to care for refugees or work for peace and, above all, to look out for each other. So that faith that I placed all those years ago, not far from here, in the power of ordinary Americans to bring about change, that faith has been rewarded in ways I could not have possibly imagined. And I hope your faith has too. Some of you here tonight or watching at home, you were there with us in 2004 and 2008, 2012. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) Maybe you still can’t believe we pulled this whole thing off. (CHEERS) Let me tell you, you’re not the only ones. (LAUGHTER) Michelle. .. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) Michelle LaVaughn Robinson of the South Side. .. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) . .. for the past 25 years you have not only been my wife and mother of my children, you have been my best friend. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) You took on a role you didn’t ask for. And you made it your own with grace and with grit and with style, and good humor. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) You made the White House a place that belongs to everybody. (CHEERS) And a new generation sets its sights higher because it has you as a role model. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) You have made me proud, and you have made the country proud. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) Malia and Sasha. .. (CHEERS) . .. under the strangest of circumstances you have become two amazing young women. (CHEERS) You are smart and you are beautiful. But more importantly, you are kind and you are thoughtful and you are full of passion. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) And. .. (APPLAUSE) . .. you wore the burden of years in the spotlight so easily. Of all that I have done in my life, I am most proud to be your dad. (APPLAUSE) To Joe Biden. .. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) . .. the scrappy kid from Scranton. .. (CHEERS) . .. who became Delaware’s favorite son. You were the first decision I made as a nominee, and it was the best. (CHEERS) (APPLAUSE) Not just because you have been a great vice president, but because in the bargain I gained a brother. And we love you and Jill like family. And your friendship has been one of the great joys of our lives. (APPLAUSE) To my remarkable staff, for eight years, and for some of you a whole lot more, I have drawn from your energy. And every day I try to reflect back what you displayed. Heart and character. And idealism. I’ve watched you grow up, get married, have kids, start incredible new journeys of your own. Even when times got tough and frustrating, you never let Washington get the better of you. You guarded against cynicism. And the only thing that makes me prouder than all the good that we’ve done is the thought of all the amazing things that you are going to achieve from here. (APPLAUSE) And to all of you out there  —   every organizer who moved to an unfamiliar town, every kind family who welcomed them in, every volunteer who knocked on doors, every young person who cast a ballot for the first time, every American who lived and breathed the hard work of change  —   you are the best supporters and organizers anybody could ever hope for, and I will forever be grateful. Because you did change the world. (APPLAUSE) You did. And that’s why I leave this stage tonight even more optimistic about this country than when we started. Because I know our work has not only helped so many Americans it has inspired so many Americans  —   especially so many young people out there  —   to believe that you can make a difference to hitch your wagon to something bigger than yourselves. Let me tell you, this generation coming up  —   unselfish, altruistic, creative, patriotic  —   I’ve seen you in every corner of the country. You believe in a fair, and just, and inclusive America you know that constant change has been America’s hallmark, that it’s not something to fear but something to embrace, you are willing to carry this hard work of democracy forward. You’ll soon outnumber any of us, and I believe as a result the future is in good hands. (APPLAUSE) My fellow Americans, it has been the honor of my life to serve you. I won’t stop in fact, I will be right there with you, as a citizen, for all my remaining days. But for now, whether you are young or whether you’re young at heart, I do have one final ask of you as your president  —   the same thing I asked when you took a chance on me eight years ago. I am asking you to believe. Not in my ability to bring about change  —   but in yours. I am asking you to hold fast to that faith written into our founding documents that idea whispered by slaves and abolitionists that spirit sung by immigrants and homesteaders and those who marched for justice that creed reaffirmed by those who planted flags from foreign battlefields to the surface of the moon a creed at the core of every American whose story is not yet written: Yes, we can. (APPLAUSE) Yes, we did. (APPLAUSE) Yes, we can. (APPLAUSE) Thank you. God bless you. And may God continue to bless the United States of America. Thank you. (APPLAUSE) END"
261,17578,How to Navigate New Airline Carry-On Rules - The New York Times,New York Times,Stephanie Rosenbloom,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"It’s the first year that United Airlines will be offering “basic economy” fares  —   the lowest prices on a particular flight, but with notable restrictions such as: You don’t receive a seat assignment until   (and sitting next to your traveling companions is not guaranteed) you’re the last to board and you’re not allowed to bring on a     bag (which means no use of the overhead bins). On the list of things travelers care about, overhead storage is second only to legroom, according to interviews conducted in December by Morning Consult, a media and technology company. Even so, 45 percent of fliers said they would buy a “basic economy” fare. And those travelers aren’t necessarily strapped for cash: Some 39 percent of fliers earning $100, 000 or more told Morning Consult that they were likely to purchase a basic economy ticket. Are there loopholes to get around those restrictive   baggage and boarding rules? Will more major airlines begin restricting access to their overhead bin space? And while we’re talking about space, which   size will actually make it past the gate agent and onto the plane? Let’s begin with United’s new fares. If you buy one of United’s “basic economy” fares, you can bring along a personal item like a laptop bag or backpack that is 9 inches by 10 inches by 17 inches or less, but not   luggage (hence why you’re not given access to the overhead bins). But there are ways around those rules. In fact, there are three ways to bring on   luggage and use the overhead bins even if you purchase a “basic economy” fare: 1. If you’re a Premier member of the airline’s MileagePlus loyalty program. 2. If you’re the primary card member of a qualifying MileagePlus credit card. 3. If you’re a Star Alliance Gold member (a frequent flier in the Star Alliance network of nearly 30 airlines). Any of the above will also prevent you from having to board last as well. While United is the first major airline based in the United States to essentially start charging for its overhead bin space, charging for   bags is old hat on   airlines. Frontier charges about $30 to $60 for a   bag. Allegiant charges about $15 to $50 per   bag. Spirit Airlines and Wizz Air also charge for   luggage. There are ways to pay less though. Take Frontier. It charges for   bags, but the airline also offers packages like “the Works” and “the Perks” that include a   bag as well as extras (albeit they’re givens on many major airlines) such as seat selection and priority boarding. Remember, too, that it’s generally cheaper to pay for your   bag online rather than at the airport. On Frontier, a bag costs up to 50 percent less if you pay online instead of at the ticket counter or the gate. Whether other major United States carriers join United and introduce new rules for their overhead bin space remains to be seen, but it will not be surprising if they eventually do, given that the airlines tend to copy one another if a new practice is successful. Indeed, the latest segmentation of economy fares into   seats and premium seats began with Delta Air Lines and has since been adopted by American Airlines and United. If travelers take to United’s basic economy fares, expect the practice to become more widespread. There is no universal   bag size. Each airline has its own rules. And baggage allowances may vary across routes and cabin classes. In 2015, the International Air Transport Association, an industry group that represents about 260 airlines, created guidelines for     bags: 21. 5 x 13. 5 x 7. 5 inches. But following a media hullabaloo, the guidelines were not widely adopted. Major airlines  —   American, Delta, United, JetBlue Airways, Cathay Pacific  —   have set their maximum   size for economy passengers at 22 x 14 x 9 inches. Some airlines have stricter rules or slightly different measurements (or a maximum of linear inches). For example, the maximum   size for economy passengers on KLM Royal Dutch Airlines is 21. 5 x 13. 5 x 10 inches and Qatar Airways is 20 x 15 x 10 inches. Other airlines allow larger bags, most likely to the dismay of the Association of Flight   which has advocated for fewer and smaller bags “to reduce risks of injury and conflict onboard the aircraft. ” For instance, British Airways allows   bags up to 22 x 18 x 10 inches. Southwest Airlines allows   bags up to 24 x 16 x 10 inches. If you fly multiple airlines and want to travel the world with only one   bag, you’ll want to buy one that’s as small as possible. Soft bags that can squish into the overhead are easier to get on board. If you are loyal to an airline with a generous baggage policy, you can get away with a hard, larger bag. Ryanair passengers who want to be assured that their bag will make it on board can buy one of the airline’s   approved bags sold on its website (wheelies are $69 or $99). Shopping for a new bag? There are two things to keep in mind. First, an airline can change its   policy so if you’re buying a bigger bag you might not want to spend a mint. (For example, beginning April 4, the maximum dimensions of the personal item travelers on Spirit Airlines are allowed to bring on board will be 18 x 14 x 8 inches  —   a change from the current maximum size of 16 x 14 x 12 inches.) Second, Consumer Reports, a nonprofit, independent organization, gives some good advice: Measure a   bag before buying it. Why? Many bags sold as “  compliant” are not necessarily so. In 2015, Consumer Reports said it was made aware of this by customer reviews on Amazon and eBags. com that said that the   bags they bought were larger than the manufacturers advertised. To see just how common that was, Consumer Reports bought 11 pieces of luggage from 11 brands that were marketed as   luggage and then measured them using a laser level. The results? Nine out of the 11 bags were larger than the manufacturer claimed. So invest in a tape measure. And when you measure a bag, be sure to include the wheels and handle in your measurements. Be ruthless. After all, the airlines will be. The Sweethome, a product recommendation website owned by The New York Times Company, has additional information on the best travel backpacks and the best     luggage."
262,17579,You’d Be Surprised at How Many Foods Contain Added Sugar - The New York Times,New York Times,Margot Sanger-Katz,2017-06-15,2017.0,6.0,,"You may know there’s added sugar in your Coke or cookies. But did you know that it’s in your salad dressing, pasta sauce and bread? The Food and Drug Administration came out Friday with its new template for nutrition labels. One big change was the addition of a line for “added sugar,” to be placed below a line for total sugar. The change is designed to distinguish between sugars that are naturally occurring in a food  —   like the milk sugar in a plain yogurt  —   and the sugars that food manufacturers include later to boost flavors  —   like the “evaporated cane juice” in a Chobani Kids strawberry yogurt. A team of researchers at the University of North Carolina conducted a detailed survey of the packaged foods and drinks that are purchased in American grocery stores and found that 60 percent of them include some form of added sugar. When they looked at every individual processed food in the store, 68 percent had added sugar. Some of those products are more obvious sugary foods, but not all. The list includes many sauces, soups, fruit juices and even meat products. You might think it’s easy to figure out whether the food manufacturer added sugar to your food, but it isn’t always so. While some foods include “sugar” in their ingredients, many use different words for products that are nutritionally similar. Most of us have heard of   corn syrup, a sugar made from processing corn. But there are also things like the “evaporated cane juice” in the yogurt, and “rice syrup” and “” which are less obvious and amount to the same thing. Barry Popkin, a professor of nutrition at the University of North Carolina, and one of the paper’s authors, said that the wide variety of sugars is not always meant to confound consumers. Instead, he said, the many sugar types are chosen by food scientists to give their products the best flavor and texture. Some sugars are better for baked goods, while others are better in soft drinks. Some are also cheaper than others. Sugar tariffs and import laws make it expensive to bring in too much foreign sugar. But not all of the sugar formulations count toward the laws’ quotas. There’s also the matter of fruit juice concentrates, which are juices that have been stripped of nearly everything but sugar and evaporated. A lot of seemingly natural foods include ingredients like “apple juice concentrate. ” That’s sugar. That will be a lot clearer when the labels are updated. “It’s going to really surprise people who go to organic and whole foods stores, when they find that all this natural food they’ve been buying is full of added sugar,” Mr. Popkin said. “It’s full of fruit juice concentrates, and they thought it was all good stuff. ” The emphasis on added sugar comes from new nutrition guidelines that urge Americans to consume a “healthy dietary pattern” containing certain types of foods. According to the regulation, hidden added sugars make it difficult to understand whether the food you are eating is part of that healthy pattern. Medical evidence shows that high sugar consumption is linked to obesity, diabetes and tooth decay  —   though not all of that work distinguishes between added sugar and total sugar. Many of the big food industry trade groups and lobbyists were satisfied with the new label rules, as my colleague Sabrina Tavernise recently wrote. But the sugar industry and the corn refiners are upset. Critics of the policy argue that the difference between natural and added sugars is not nutritionally meaningful, and that the science establishing health harms from added sugar is weak. The new label will kick in for large food companies in 2018, and for smaller companies a year later. The U. N. C. research used its master list of sugar code words to measure how many grocery store foods include sugar. But measuring the precise amount of sugars that are added with the current label is quite difficult. Mr. Popkin said consumers would be surprised by recent research from his team revealing the large amounts of added sugars in products that are generally thought of as healthy  —   foods like infant formula, protein bars and yogurt."
263,17580,Snow Acts as a Magical Balm in an Anxious Turkey - The New York Times,New York Times,Tim Arango,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"ISTANBUL  —   The domes of the great mosques, covered in white. The soaring minarets that draw Istanbul’s singular skyline, peeking out behind a gray haze of flurries. The street carts selling roasted chestnuts, the old tram making its way slowly, the street cats huddling around heaters in cafes  —   all gave the city the feel of an old    photograph. Snow in Istanbul always feels magical, but for a few days this week and last, a blizzard  —   at more than a foot, it was the heaviest snowfall since 2009  —   was just what the city needed. It acted as a balm for the chronic fear and anxiety that had taken over amid terrorist attacks, political instability and the deep purges of civil society that began after a failed coup last summer. “This all blends into a feeling of suspension of normal daily life,” said Orhan Pamuk, a Nobel laureate who coincidentally wrote an acclaimed novel called “Snow. ” “And perhaps this time, because of horrors of politics  —   tens of thousands of professors and people are being fired from their jobs, and journalist and writer friends are being pushed into prisons  —   at least for five minutes this is a consolation. ” In his many books, Mr. Pamuk, 64, has created a language of Istanbul, its intricacies, its mysteries, its landscapes. For him, a lifelong Istanbul resident, winter is bound up with youth, and as the snow fell this week, he was on the streets, taking photographs and remembering what it was like to be a child in such a big city. “Snow is highly intertwined with memories of childhood,” he said on a recent afternoon, sitting in his apartment as the snow fell across the Bosporus outside his window. In “Istanbul: Memories and the City,” he wrote: “It is impossible for me to remember my childhood without this blanket of snow. Some children can’t wait for the summer holiday to begin, but I couldn’t wait for it to snow  —   not because I would be going outside to play in it but because it made the city look new, not only by covering up the mud, the filth, the ruins, and the neglect, but by producing in every street and every view an element of surprise, a delicious air of impending disaster. ” The snow brought the expected inconveniences to a city that, as Mr. Pamuk wrote in the book, is “always caught unawares, greeting each snowfall as if it were the first. ” Hundreds of flights were canceled, ferry services that connect two continents, Europe and Asia, were halted, and streets were impassable. But there were many more pleasures. The incessant construction and traffic fell silent. Normally gruff policemen engaged in snowball fights with  . Children, off from school, sledded down the narrow streets. All of this lent itself to a feeling of being stranded, of time standing still. And that is why it all felt so delicious to the city’s residents, who had become accustomed to a disorienting pace of bad news  —   one attack after another, one political crisis after another. For a time, even, people seemed to forget that there was a killer on the loose, that the Turkish police had not yet apprehended the gunman in a New Year’s morning attack on a nightclub that left dozens dead. “The snow landed in Istanbul like a rescuer from the recent traumatizing events,” Aylin Sokmen, a Turkish fiction writer, wrote this week in an email. “Nowadays, watching the snowflakes  —   for those who are lucky enough to be in a cozy home  —   gives a sense of security from the troubling events, while it’s still a struggle for survival for some others. Getting a break from our lives evokes deep feelings, such as remembrance of the past, innocence, nostalgia for childhood. ” She added, though, “It will not take long to face the uncontrollable narrative of the city, of the country and of our lives. ” And yes, even amid the bliss of the snowfall, there were intrusions this week: the continuing fall in value of the Turkish lira, a debate in Parliament about expanding the powers of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, whom many already regard as an authoritarian leader. But all that was a sideshow as people enjoyed the snow. “We come to this park every year when it snows, it’s always so beautiful,” said Sophie, 52, a teacher playing with her children who gave just her first name because, as a civil servant, she was not allowed to speak to a reporter. “It makes me so happy when schools are canceled on snow days, because the work is very demanding, especially at public schools, and children finally get to rest. ” In a city upended by divisions and unrest, the snow showed a gentler side, as city officials and business owners mobilized to care for the thousands of street dogs and cats that are as much a part of urban life here as tea shops and antiques sellers. One photograph that went viral on social media showed dogs bundled up under blankets inside a shopping mall. And probably for the first time in their lives, Syrian children, among the hundreds of thousands of refugees who have fled civil war to take up uncertain lives in Istanbul, played in the snow. “What I will remember from this year’s snow is the Syrian children I saw, who had perhaps encountered the first snow of their lives and were laughing in excitement,” said Fatih Demir, 32, a photographer. “They were probably among those lucky enough to be off the streets, and outside shelters, having set up homes in the city with their families. ” Yet even while the snow provided a respite, it was still obvious to some how much the city’s mood had changed in recent times, and how many fewer tourists there are. “Snow is cleansing,” said Ahmet Koc, 44, who owns a housewares store in Cihangir, a trendy neighborhood where many expatriates live. “It’s so beautiful outside, but when I look at people’s faces, I see sadness. ” While the snowfall interrupted lives for many, others kept to their routines. Murat Pak, 35, was out there on Monday where he usually is, despite the heavy snowfall: fishing from the Galata Bridge, which connects two of the city’s European quarters across the Golden Horn waterway. There were only a few other fishermen with him. “We don’t feel the cold if we’re catching fish,” he said. “Today it’s empty not because of the snow but because this past week there were no fish. They must have gone to warmer, deeper waters. ” As the city began returning to its regular rhythms after the storm, it was left with a feeling of being refreshed, even as the weather report called for more snow in the coming days. “This, quote, holiday, or sense of freedom, a sense of not doing your regular thing, is heavily intertwined with landscape, beauties of the town, and silence,” Mr. Pamuk said. “I think that is what makes it magical. ”"
264,17582,Immigrants Head to Washington to Rally While Obama Is Still There - The New York Times,New York Times,Liz Robbins,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"Nine busloads of immigrant activists from Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island will depart before dawn for the trip to Washington, intent on making their voices heard. They will be blasting protest playlists while carrying posters and flags, from the familiar rainbow to the worn colors of Haiti. But they are not going to the better known Women’s March on Washington, planned for Jan. 21, the day after Donald J. Trump’s inauguration. Instead, they are headed to the nation’s capital on Saturday for a more modest rally focused on the rights of immigrants, called We Are Here to Stay and scheduled to start at 11 a. m. at the Metropolitan A. M. E. Church. For these groups, there was a practical, if not urgent, reason to hold the rally on Jan. 14: Barack Obama will still be president. “As an organizer, the 14th is a date that I feel safe mobilizing people to Washington,” said Natalia Aristizabal, of Make the Road New York, one of the rally’s sponsors. “We don’t know what’s going to happen after the inauguration. ” National and local organizers said they were concerned about the possibility of undocumented protesters being arrested during the new administration, especially since Mr. Trump said he planned to deport the two million to three million undocumented immigrants that he said had criminal convictions. Cristina Jiménez, the executive director of United We Dream, the national organization promoting the interests of undocumented youth known as dreamers, called the threat to immigrant communities “imminent” and added: “To be quite frank, we fear the worst. ” That is not to say that immigrants will be avoiding the women’s march. Some organizations, like United We Dream and the New York Immigration Coalition, are partners in both, and there is other overlap. New York’s   Association, which is led by Linda Sarsour, is also a sponsor of the Women’s March, of which Ms. Sarsour is one of the main organizers. Part of the mission statement of the Women’s March calls on “immigrants of all statuses” to attend, but that event has a broader platform that includes issues of pay equity, reproductive rights and safety from domestic violence. Organizers of the immigrant rally said that their protest aims to highlight the disparate groups who make up their movement, and who represent the estimated 11 million undocumented people living in the United States. “It’s of the immigrant community, of people of color, it’s broader than people who are first generation,” said Muzna Ansari, 28, the immigrant policy manager for the New York Immigration Coalition. A child of Indian immigrants, she is Muslim. “It’s a moment of connection, too. There are black immigrants who we don’t talk about. ” Ninaj Raoul, a founder and executive director of Haitian Women for Haitian Refugees, said she had seen the immigration rights movement focus on the   Latino community since the 2012 election. But black immigrants, who are far less likely to be undocumented, have pressing issues of their own, she said. “Now more than ever it’s important for the Haitian voice to be heard in this movement,” Ms. Raoul said. “Not just for the incoming government, where we have so many reasons to be worried, but for the current government because of the actions they’ve taken on Haitian immigrants. ” Over the last several months more than 80 Haitian immigrants have walked into her Brooklyn office seeking help, she said, anguished by the shifting American policy that has left them separated from family members. And those living in the city because of temporary protection granted after their country’s 2010 earthquake do not know how long that will last. Migrants from Haiti have flooded the southern border of Mexico since last spring, many making dangerous journeys through nine countries after fleeing South America. In September, the Obama administration detained Haitians at the U. S.  border arriving without visas and ordered deportations. Some pregnant women and mothers with children were given a temporary humanitarian reprieve to stay, but their husbands were deported. After Hurricane Matthew struck in early October, the administration delayed deporting Haitians, but then resumed deportations in November. For Haitians who have been living in the United States with temporary protection granted after the earthquake, that status that is set to expire in July. Ms. Raoul said that because Hurricane Matthew damaged food supplies, those Haitians did not know if they could return. So Haitian immigrants are going to Washington to appeal to Mr. Obama while they still can. They want him to take executive action to grant Haitian migrants at the southern border permission to temporarily enter the United States on humanitarian grounds, and to extend the temporary protections for another 18 months. Ms. Raoul plans to bring 10 Haitian immigrants, and their country’s flag, to Washington. They will take the bus from Sunset Park with 55 young people representing Atlas: D. I. Y. which serves undocumented immigrant youth in the neighborhood. Michelina Ferrara, the deputy director of Atlas, plans to blast her “revolutionary playlist,” with RB and   artists, both on the bus speakers and from her fanny pack. For those not traveling to Washington on Jan. 14, immigrant actions are also planned in 50 other cities. The New York Immigrant Coalition will be kicking off a statewide campaign called This is Our New York with events in Union Square Hempstead, on Long Island and the Hudson Valley. By then, Kathia Gutierrez, 48, will be in Washington with her daughter, Kathya, 29. They arrived 16 years ago from Bolivia. Kathya works as a nanny, saving money for college she can work legally because of President Obama’s program giving certain rights to undocumented immigrants brought to this country as children by their parents. Kathia, her mother, is an activist for Make the Road New York and is going to Washington to deliver a message for   Trump: “Look out for the youth. ” They will be joined by others fighting for their own subset of immigrant rights, including Alexis Pampillón, 44, an Argentine immigrant who identifies as gender nonconforming he and 20 others members of Make the Road’s L. G. B. T. Q. rights group will be leaving from Queens. Make the Road’s members, drawn from places including Bridgeport, Conn. Elizabeth, N. J. and Pennsylvania, will fill eight buses. Not all will fit into the church in Washington, which has a capacity of about 2, 500. More than 3, 000 protesters are expected, organizers said. Some, said Ms. Aristizabal of Make the Road, will stand outside with signs in Spanish and English: “Aquí Estamos y no Nos Vamos,” and “We are Here to Stay. ” That slogan is familiar, she said, adding, “But it has never been so much of a declaration of defiance. ”"
265,17583,"China, Fanning Patriotism, Adds 6 Years to War with Japan in History Books - The New York Times",New York Times,Javier C. Hernández,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"BEIJING  —   For generations, the “  War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression” has been ingrained in the minds of Chinese schoolchildren. Revolutionary hymns evoked the bloody years, from 1937 to 1945, of what is known outside China as the Second   War. Chinese documentaries denounced Japan’s “eight years of belligerence. ” Now the war is getting a new name, and an extended time frame. In a move aimed at stirring up nationalism and support for the ruling Communist Party, President Xi Jinping’s government has ordered educators to rewrite textbooks to describe the conflict as the “  War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression,” lasting from 1931 to 1945, the authorities said in a statement on Wednesday. Under the decision, the Second   War will be described as having started in the fall of 1931, when the Imperial Japanese Army invaded Manchuria. Previously, the war’s beginning had been traced to the Marco Polo Bridge incident, a skirmish in 1937 between Japanese forces and Chinese troops along a rail line southwest of Beijing that represented the beginning of   conflict. The Chinese Ministry of Education said the decision to add six years to the war sought to promote patriotic education and to highlight the Communist Party’s “core role” in resisting Japanese fascism in the prelude to World War II. It also seemed intended to rally support for the party among young people as Mr. Xi vigorously promotes Communist history and thought in schools. Zhang Lifan, a historian in Beijing, said the decision to revise the length of the war was justified from a historical perspective. But he said it would also have political benefits for the party and would encourage   sentiment. “Chinese leaders still have a Cold War mentality,” he said. “They’ve tried to conjure up imaginary enemies in the world. ” Mr. Xi has worked in recent years to enhance the image of the Communists and their achievements in World War II, even though many historians believe it was the Chinese Nationalists, not the Communists, who did most of the fighting. The party had not previously emphasized the fight against the Japanese from 1931 to 1937, when Communist forces were in disarray as they fought a civil war with the Nationalists. During that time, the Nationalists led efforts to resist the Japanese and negotiate truces. It was not until 1937 that the Communists joined forces with the Nationalists to fight an increasingly belligerent Imperial Japanese Army. Kerry Brown, a professor of Chinese politics at King’s College London, called the textbook revision a “tidying up of history. ” He said the revised account exaggerated the Communists’ accomplishments. “It demonstrates this continuing keenness by the party now to seek sources of legitimacy wherever it can,” he said, “and reveals more insecurity than real strength. ” The change will probably ruffle feathers in Japan, China’s longtime rival, as the countries jockey for influence in Asia and struggle to overcome the legacy of World War II, more than 70 years after the global conflict ended. Yasuhisa Kawamura, press secretary for the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said on Thursday that it was not up to the Chinese government to decide the length of the war. “It is important that Japan and China should demonstrate they do not focus excessively on the unfortunate past,” he added. Mr. Xi has accused Japan of distorting history, and the Chinese state news media has criticized Tokyo’s efforts to revise textbooks, saying it has played down atrocities by Japanese soldiers. When Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan visited Pearl Harbor last month, Chinese internet users brimmed with outrage, saying Mr. Abe had not done enough to apologize to China for Japan’s actions during the war. In Beijing, many people applauded the government’s decision to revise the textbooks, which are filled with references to wars against “aggression” by foreign forces. The Korean War, for example, is known as the war to resist United States aggression and aid Korea. “The Japanese have also altered their textbooks, why can’t we?” said Wang Yalin, 30, a musician. Still, he said, the change would most likely fuel   sentiment in China. Zhao Feng, 38, a tailor, acknowledged that the relationship between the countries had deteriorated. But he said it was important to note the earlier date of Japan’s invasion of China. “The occupation started much earlier,” he said. On social media, some people were more skeptical of the government’s motives for making the change. “Don’t use history education for political ends,” one person wrote on Weibo, China’s equivalent of Twitter. “The most important thing is to learn the truth. ”"
266,17584,Lawsuit Accuses Michigan Doctor of Sexually Abusing Young Gymnasts - The New York Times,New York Times,Christine Hauser,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"Eighteen women and girls have filed a federal lawsuit alleging that a Michigan doctor sexually assaulted them and that U. S. A. Gymnastics and other organizations that employed him failed to address their concerns and prevent further abuse, some of it dating back to the late 1990s. In the civil suit filed against Dr. Lawrence Nassar on Tuesday in Federal District Court in western Michigan, the plaintiffs are seeking relief for injuries related to sexual assault, nonconsensual touching, abuse and molestation. They say the abuse occurred while they were participating in gymnastics, swimming, figure skating, track and field, field hockey, basketball and soccer. Most of the plaintiffs were minors when the abuse occurred, according to the suit, which alleges that Dr. Nassar “sexually assaulted, abused and molested” the athletes, including by “digital vaginal and anal penetration. ” The lawsuit is the latest legal action against Dr. Nassar. In November, he was charged in Ingham County, Mich. with   sexual conduct with a person under 13, and in December, he was indicted in federal court in Grand Rapids, Mich. on child pornography charges. Matthew R. Newburg, Dr. Nassar’s lawyer in those state and federal criminal cases, said by email on Wednesday that his client has pleaded not guilty in those cases. “We are still receiving discovery and continue to review the reports as we receive them,” he said. Stephen Drew, a lawyer for the plaintiffs in the new civil case, said on Wednesday that some of the 18 women had raised red flags as far back as 2000. The suit also names as defendants the places where he had worked or had treated athletes: U. S. A. Gymnastics, Michigan State University and Gedderts’ Twistars Gymnastics Club U. S. A. in Michigan. The plaintiffs said that Dr. Nassar had been recommended to them as a “renowned orthopedic sports medicine physician” while working at the university from about 1996 to 2016, and for the United States gymnastics team from 1986 to 2015. He also provided medical care at Twistars, which has locations in Dimondale, Mich. and DeWitt, Mich. The lawsuit alleges that some of the plaintiffs had complained about being abused while being examined in a room alone with Dr. Nassar, or that he had positioned himself in such a way as to block the view of parents or chaperones. Mr. Drew said that some of the women and girls had not come forward sooner because they thought they would not be believed. “They need this addressed they have been holding this in for years,” he said, adding that the impact on the plaintiffs has been “traumatic. ” Adam C. Sturdivant, another lawyer, said that two or three more people were expected to join the civil lawsuit within a week. Mr. Newburg said that Dr. Nassar does not yet have a lawyer for that case. The lawsuit alleged that the three organizations had failed to properly supervise Dr. Nassar, were negligent in retaining him and did not address concerns from the athletes and their parents. A statement from U. S. A. Gymnastics on Wednesday did not directly address the latest lawsuit, saying that it was pending litigation. But the organization, the sport’s national governing body, said it found the “allegations against Dr. Nassar very disturbing. ” “When we first learned of athlete concerns regarding Dr. Nassar in the summer of 2015, we immediately notified the F. B. I. and relieved him of any further assignments,” the statement said. “U. S. A. Gymnastics has fully cooperated with the F. B. I. in its investigation. We find it appalling that anyone would exploit a young athlete or child in this manner, and we are grateful to the athletes who have come forward. ” The reports of sexual abuse in the sport cast a shadow on the gymnastics federation just as the U. S. Olympics team, which brought home 12 medals from the 2016 Games, was preparing for a   market push. Jason Cody, a spokesman for Michigan State University said on Wednesday he could not comment on the pending litigation but the university was “deeply disturbed” by the criminal charges. He said in an emailed statement that the university had started an internal review and had found no evidence of any complaints about Dr. Nassar before Aug. 29, 2016, other than one in 2014 that was investigated. But, he added: “The criminal investigation into Larry Nassar is a top priority for M. S. U. Police. ” John Geddert, a former Olympic coach and the owner of Twistars gymnastics school, did not return telephone messages left at the center’s two Michigan locations on Wednesday. The lawsuit said Dr. Nassar had been recommended to athletes there. The suit said a parent of a gymnast in 1997 had complained to Mr. Geddert about the doctor, but that the concerns “went unaddressed. ” Mr. Drew, the lawyer, said some of the plaintiffs in Tuesday’s civil case were emboldened to come forward after an investigation published by The Indianapolis Star in August on allegations of sexual abuse by coaches of young athletes. The article included allegations that U. S. A. Gymnastics had routinely failed to notify law enforcement officials about sexual abuse claims. A second report by The Star, published in September, said two women had accused Dr. Nassar of sexually abusing them. One former gymnast, Rachael Denhollander, filed a police complaint that month against Dr. Nassar, who through his lawyer denied any wrongdoing. The other woman, a medalist on the 2000 United States Olympic team, filed a civil lawsuit against him and named U. S. A. Gymnastics as a defendant. Ms. Denhollander then joined the civil suit filed on Tuesday and is the only plaintiff to reveal her identity. That lawsuit said Dr. Nassar’s abuse of Ms. Denhollander occurred when she was a    gymnast in 2000 and was sent to his office at M. S. U. several times for wrist and back injuries. Dr. Nassar is currently jailed in Michigan and cannot be contacted, according to Mr. Newburg. In a news conference on Tuesday, Ms. Denhollander said, according to The Indianapolis Star: “The reality of sexual abuse is that a pedophile is only as prominent as people around him allow him to be. “I will do everything in my power to make sure Larry Nassar is prosecuted for his crimes and can never harm another child. ”"
267,17585,Proposed Football League Envisions a No-College Path to the Pros - The New York Times,New York Times,Ken Belson,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"The sports landscape is littered with failed professional football leagues, such is the dominance of the N. F. L. Yet the sports agent Don Yee, who represents New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, thinks he may have found a model that will work: a league for   to    players who skip college to play professionally right away. Most fledgling leagues, like the defunct U. F. L. or the X. F. L. had rosters filled with castoffs who had gone undrafted out of college or who had bounced around pro teams. The quality of play was uneven, while games often overlapped with the N. F. L. and N. C. A. A. calendars, making it hard to gain attention. Yee and his investment group see their new Pacific Pro Football league, which is expected to start in summer 2018, as more of a development league filled with players who want to immediately start playing a   game while getting a paycheck, rather than risking injury on a college team and receiving no compensation. “Most other leagues usually took players who were deemed not good enough for the N. F. L. ,” Yee said. “We’re now trying to go to the head of the line at the buffet instead of getting the   ones. ” Despite the long odds of success, Yee is not the only person trying to get a football league off the ground. In April, a new spring league will roll out in West Virginia, where players “who may have been overlooked by the N. F. L. C. F. L. and other professional leagues” can pay $350 to showcase their talents in a   season, the league’s website says. The N. F. L. also has toyed with starting a developmental league. In October, Commissioner Roger Goodell said the team owners had discussed the idea of working with 300 to 400 players to make them “ready to play as quickly as possible,” though nothing concrete emerged from the discussions. Other leagues already employ teenagers who skip college. Major League Baseball clubs draft young players and send them to their academies or minor league affiliates. Many N. H. L. teams have players as young as 18 on their rosters. Players can join N. B. A. teams if they are 19 and a year removed from high school. (In 2001, the N. B. A. started its own development league, where the players can be 18.) N. F. L. teams can draft only players who are three years removed from their high school class’s graduation, a rule the league said is intended to protect younger, less physically developed players. “The physical, mental and emotional demands of our sport would make it almost impossible for someone to have success in the N. F. L. at an earlier age,” said Brian McCarthy, a league spokesman. Richard Lapchick, the director of the Institute for Diversity and Ethics in Sport, or Tides, said that the N. F. L. had an incentive not to undercut college football, which he said was a “great feeder system. ” Even with an alternate league, college football, where players get scholarships but are not paid, would remain a strong draw for high school players because of the potential exposure, he said. He added that requiring athletes to spend more time in college makes it more likely that they will be prepared for life in the N. F. L. and after they retire from the game. “I don’t know how broad the interest in academic development is by the pro leagues, but someone who has a broader range of interests has a more balanced life and has the potential to be a better athlete,” he said. Yee acknowledged that his venture was risky, something his advisers have echoed. Fans already have a lot of options for watching college and professional football, and just paying for the necessary training facilities and transportation could be enough to bankrupt a new league. “I’ve danced with at least three of these groups before, but money was always what killed them,” said Jim Steeg, who is an unpaid adviser to Yee and ran the Super Bowl for the N. F. L. for decades. Steeg estimated that between $5 million and $7 million would be needed to cover the costs of each team for one season, along with a comparable sum to run the league office. Still, Steeg was encouraged that Yee was starting small and aiming for a unique pool of players, and that he had already received funding from an “angel” investor. Yee said he hoped to attract enough money in the next phase of   to cover the cost of a first season. The league would have four teams based in Southern California, both to reduce expenses and because the region has so many young players. The league would have a   schedule plus playoffs, and finish before the college season begins. Players would be paid an average of $50, 000 in salary and benefits, including workers’ compensation, a 401( k) plan and free community college tuition. Yee wants to partner with companies in the area to create internships for the players to prepare them for when their football days are over. In addition to Steeg, Yee said he was being advised by, among others, the former N. F. L. coach Mike Shanahan Mike Pereira, who was in charge of officiating for the N. F. L. and the ESPN analyst Adam Schefter. Ed McCaffrey, a former Denver Broncos wide receiver, is a  . Having enough money to get a league off the ground is one challenge. Finding a way to publicize it is another. With television already cluttered with dozens of games each week, the chances of a new league finding space on a widely distributed cable network are remote. Yee said that internet giants like Amazon and Netflix were looking for sports content to distribute. It is far from clear, however, whether one of those companies will pay Yee’s league to show games."
268,17586,Date Rape Comments by Brooklyn Police Captain Are Condemned - The New York Times,New York Times,Alan Feuer,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"The commander of a Brooklyn police precinct has apologized for remarks he made to the media and at a local community meeting last week in which he played down a recent surge in rapes in his neighborhood, saying most were date rapes, not “true stranger rapes. ” In a post on Twitter on Monday afternoon, Capt. Peter R. Rose of the 94th Precinct in Greenpoint said, “I deeply regret the statements I made last week about rape,” adding that his comments “were not meant to minimize the seriousness of sexual assault. ” “Every rape whether it is perpetrated by a stranger or someone known to them is fully investigated,” Captain Rose wrote. “We make no distinction in our response. ” The apology came days after the officer was quoted in an article on the local news website DNAinfo. com about an increase of sexual violence in the neighborhood of Greenpoint, where there were eight reported attacks or attempted attacks in 2015 and 13 last year. Of last year’s cases, three led to arrests, but 10  —   including two allegedly by taxi drivers on young female passengers  —   remain unsolved. In the article, which appeared on Friday, Captain Rose told DNAinfo. com that while every rape should be investigated, the spike in reported assaults was “not a trend that we’re too worried about” because many of them had been committed by acquaintances of the victims. “If there’s a true stranger rape,” Captain Rose went on, “a random guy who picks up a stranger off the street, those are the troubling ones. That person has, like, no moral standards. ” Not long after the interview, Captain Rose elaborated on the unsolved sex assault cases at a meeting of the 94th Precinct community council, where he said some of the attacks had involved   of the victims and others hookup apps like Tinder and thus were “not   rapes where strangers are being dragged off the streets. ” He added that the cases remained open because the victims refused to cooperate with investigators and in some cases left New York for their homes in other states. Both of his comments set off a firestorm of criticism from public officials and advocates for victims of sexual assault who condemned Captain Rose for perpetuating the idea that rapes committed by those who know their victims are somehow less troubling than those committed by strangers. “Rape is rape,” Eric Phillips, a spokesman for Mayor Bill de Blasio, said in remarks published on Friday in a separate article on DNAinfo. “The crime merits no moral qualification and does not involve shades of criminality or degrees of danger. ” The same day, Stephen Davis, a spokesman for the New York Police Department, issued a statement saying, “Captain Rose’s comments did not properly explain the complexity of issues involved with investigating rape complaints. ” The statement added: “All complaints of rape and other types of sexual crimes are taken seriously whether they are committed by domestic partners, acquaintances or strangers. ” Then on Monday, the city’s new police commissioner, James P. O’Neill, wrote a rare opinion article in The Daily News in which he called Captain Rose’s comment “insensitive” and said that they had “left the misleading and inaccurate impression that the N. Y. P. D. treats these types of cases differently. ” Commissioner O’Neill continued: “We do not, either as a matter of policy or practice. ” In his article, the commissioner also said that only some rape victims report their attacks to the police, and he detailed a number of steps that the department has taken in recent years to change that. Those steps, he said, included collaborating with victims’ advocates, sponsoring poster contests on college campuses to encourage students to report rapes and assaults, and creating a hotline so that victims can directly call the detectives who investigate such crimes. Commissioner O’Neill did not say whether Captain Rose would face any disciplinary action. Reports of sexual assault have greatly decreased in the last 20 years. Quoting federal crime statistics from 2010 to 2014,  the Rape Abuse Incest National Network said seven in 10 rapes were committed by someone known to the victim. That was the argument of two dozen demonstrators who gathered in the snow on Tuesday outside the 94th Precinct station house to protest Captain Rose’s statements, with signs reading “Take Rape Seriously” and “Rape Is Always a Crime. ” “It is an outrageous idea that acquaintance rape matters less  —   it isn’t just bad policy, it’s bad law enforcement,” Jane Manning, the director of advocacy for Women’s Justice NOW. “Most rapists target women they know because they’ll have a better chance to get away with it by claiming consent. “The idea that acquaintance matters less is pervasive in our culture,” Ms. Manning added. “Captain Rose was unfortunately saying something out loud that many, many people already believe. ”"
269,17587,Bruce Springsteen’s Archive Is Headed to Monmouth University - The New York Times,New York Times,Ben Sisario,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"There really could be only one appropriate home for Bruce Springsteen’s archives: the Jersey Shore. And indeed that is where they will go, through a partnership announced Tuesday with Monmouth University in West Long Branch, N. J. As part of the partnership, the university will establish the Bruce Springsteen Archives and Center for American Music, which will be the repository for Mr. Springsteen’s personal collection of written works, photographs, periodicals and various artifacts from throughout his career. The university  —   just miles from Asbury Park, one of the towns where Mr. Springsteen started his musical career  —   said in a statement that the new center would promote the legacy of Mr. Springsteen and other giants of American music, like Woody Guthrie and Robert Johnson. Its materials would also bolster curriculums at the university, including at its music business program. “The establishment of the Bruce Springsteen Archives and Center for American Music celebrates and reinforces the Jersey Shore’s legacy in the history of American music, while providing a truly transformative experience for our students,” Paul R. Brown, the university’s president, said in a statement. The university offered few other details about the collection or its plans for the new center, including any financial information about the partnership. But Mr. Springsteen’s materials will join what is already a major trove of memorabilia at Monmouth, the Bruce Springsteen Special Collection. That collection includes nearly 35, 000 items  —   compiled in part by fans  —   which has been housed at Monmouth since 2011. One of the figures involved in bringing the archives to Monmouth University was Robert Santelli, the executive director of the Grammy Museum in Los Angeles, who is expected to take on a leadership role at the new center. Mr. Santelli, a Monmouth alumnus, also helped secure the special collection for the university in 2011. The arrangement with Monmouth comes as   archives have become increasingly valuable to museums, universities and other cultural institutions, which use them for scholarly study and sometimes as tourist attractions. Last year, Bob Dylan’s archives were acquired by the George Kaiser Family Foundation for a group of institutions in Oklahoma, including the University of Tulsa, for an estimated $15 million to $20 million."
270,17588,"Neanderthals Were People, Too - The New York Times",New York Times,Jon Mooallem,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"Joachim Neander was a   Calvinist theologian who often hiked through a valley outside Düsseldorf, Germany, writing hymns. Neander understood everything around him as a manifestation of the Lord’s will and work. There was no room in his worldview for randomness, only purpose and praise. “See how God this rolling   with beauty as a robe,” one of his verses goes. “Forests, fields, and living   its Master’s glory sings. ” He wrote dozens of hymns like this  —     and  . Then he caught tuberculosis and died at 30. Almost two centuries later, in the summer of 1856, workers quarrying limestone in that valley dug up an unusual skull. It was elongated and almost chinless, and the fossilized bones found alongside it were extra thick and fit together oddly. This was three years before Darwin published “The Origin of Species. ” The science of human origins was not a science the assumption was that our ancestors had always looked like us, all the way back to Adam. (Even distinguishing fossils from ordinary rock was beyond the grasp of many scientists. One popular method involved licking them if the material had animal matter in it, it stuck to your tongue.) And so, as anomalous as these German bones seemed, most scholars had no trouble finding satisfying explanations. A leading theory held that this was the skeleton of a lost, bowlegged Cossack with rickets. The peculiar bony ridge over the man’s eyes was a result of the poor Cossack’s perpetually furrowing his brow in pain  —   because of the rickets. One British geologist, William King, suspected something more radical. Instead of being the remains of an atypical human, they might have belonged to a typical member of an alternate humanity. In 1864, he published a paper introducing it as such  —   an extinct human species, the first ever discovered. King named this species after the valley where it was found, which itself had been named for the ecstatic poet who once wandered it. He called it Homo neanderthalensis: Neanderthal Man. Who was Neanderthal Man? King felt obligated to describe him. But with no established techniques for interpreting archaeological material like the skull, he fell back on racism and phrenology. He focused on the peculiarities of the Neanderthal’s skull, including the “enormously projecting brow. ” No living humans had skeletal features remotely like these, but King was under the impression that the skulls of contemporary African and Australian aboriginals resembled the Neanderthals’ more than “ordinary”   skulls. So extrapolating from his low opinion of what he called these “savage” races, he explained that the Neanderthal’s skull alone was proof of its moral “darkness” and stupidity. “The thoughts and desires which once dwelt within it never soared beyond those of a brute,” he wrote. Other scientists piled on. So did the popular press. We knew almost nothing about Neanderthals, but already we assumed they were ogres and losers. The genesis of this idea, the historian Paige Madison notes, largely comes down to flukes of “timing and luck. ” While King was working, another British scientist, George Busk, had the same suspicions about the Neander skull. He had received a comparable one, too, from the tiny British territory of Gibraltar. The Gibraltar skull was dug up long before the Neander Valley specimen surfaced, but local hobbyists simply labeled it “human skull” and forgot about it for the next 16 years. Its brow ridge wasn’t as prominent as the Neander skull’s, and its features were less imposing it was a woman’s skull, it turns out. Busk dashed off a quick report but stopped short of naming the new creature. He hoped to study additional fossils and learn more. Privately, he considered calling it Homo calpicus, or Gibraltar Man. So, what if Busk  —   “a conscientious naturalist too cautious to make premature claims,” as Madison describes him  —   had beaten King to publication? Consider how different our first impressions of a Gibraltar Woman might have been from those of Neanderthal Man: what feelings of sympathy, or even kinship, this other skull might have stirred. There is a worldview, the opposite of Joachim Neander’s, that sees our planet as a product of only tumult and indifference. In such a world, it’s possible for an entire species to be ground into extinction by forces beyond its control and then, 40, 000 years later, be dug up and made to endure an additional century and a half of bad luck and abuse. That’s what happened to the Neanderthals. And it’s what we did to them. But recently, after we’d snickered over their skulls for so long, it stopped being clear who the boneheads were. I’ll start with a confession, an embarrassing but relevant one, because I would come to see our history with Neanderthals as continually distorted by an unfortunate human tendency to believe in ideas that are, in reality, incorrect  —   and then to leverage that conviction into a feeling of superiority over other people. And in retrospect, I realize I demonstrated that same tendency myself at the beginning of this project. Because I don’t want to come off as   or as pointing fingers, here goes: Before traveling to Gibraltar last summer, I had no idea what Gibraltar was. Or rather, I was sure I knew what Gibraltar was, but I was wrong. I thought it was just that famous Rock  —   an unpopulated hunk of   geology, which, if I’m being honest, I recognized mostly from the Prudential logo: that limestone protuberance at the mouth of the Mediterranean, that elephantine white molar jutting into the sky. True, I was traveling to Gibraltar on short notice when I   the director of the Gibraltar Museum, Clive Finlayson, he told me the museum happened to be starting its annual excavation of a Neanderthal cave there the following week and invited me to join. Still, even a couple of days before I left, when a friend told me she faintly remembered spending an afternoon in Gibraltar once as a teenager, I gently mansplained to her that I was pretty sure she was mistaken: Gibraltar, I told her, wasn’t somewhere you could just go. In my mind, I had privileged access. I pictured myself and Finlayson taking a special little boat. In fact, Gibraltar is a peninsula connected to Spain. It’s a lively British overseas territory, with 30, 000 citizens living in a city on its western side  —   a city with bakeries and clothing stores and tourists buying all the usual kitsch. Some unusual kitsch, too  —   like a laminated child’s place mat I spotted that, in a typical tourist destination, might say something unexceptional like SOMEONE WHO LOVES ME WENT TO GIBRALTAR, but here read WE SHALL NEVER SURRENDER! BRITISH FOREVER! The history of Gibraltar, given its strategic location, is a grinding saga of military sieges and ruthlessly contested changes in ownership. The residue of that strife, today, is a pronounced British patriotism and a   exchange of slights with Spain, which still disputes Britain’s claim to the territory. After Queen Elizabeth II’s Diamond Jubilee, in 2012, when Gibraltar projected towering images of Her Majesty on a   side of the Rock  —   “a clear act of provocation,” one reporter called it  —   Spain began inspecting vehicle after vehicle at the border, backing up the line for hours, stranding the bulk of Gibraltar’s work force, who commute in every day. The afternoon I showed up, activists from a   Spanish political party had crossed into Gibraltar and hung an enormous Spanish flag high up on the Rock. This wasn’t just mischief. It was regarded as an act of symbolic terrorism. When one of the men appeared in court two days later, I read, a woman screamed at him, “Gibraltar will never be Spanish!” She sounded like that defiant place mat come to life. I happened to arrive in Gibraltar the week of the Brexit vote. Up in England, people were thundering about the working class versus elites, sovereignty and immigration, warning that British identity was being fouled by the European project. But in Gibraltar  —   a   fully detached nib of Britain, flanked by water on two sides and Spain on the third  —   the question was less philosophical: If the United Kingdom left the European Union, Spain might seize the opportunity to isolate Gibraltar, leaving the territory to shrivel up, like a flap of dead skin. The Gibraltarian government had already called on the House of Commons for help. There was concern that Spain would jam up the border again and that it might happen right away. Around town, “Remain” signs hung everywhere. The atmosphere was edgy, as though everyone was holding hands, waiting to see whether a meteor would hit. It was like the hairline cracks between so many     and Thems seemed to be widening, and some corrosive, molten goop was seeping out: mutual dependence curdled with contempt. Clearly it was happening back home in America too. All in all, it was a good week to spend in a cave. Gorham’s Cave is on Gibraltar’s   eastern coast: a tremendous opening at the bottom of the sheer face of the Rock, shadowy and   like a cathedral. Its mouth is 200 feet across at the base and 120 feet tall. It tapers asymmetrically like a crumpled wizard’s hat. Neanderthals inhabited Gorham’s Cave on and off for 100, 000 years, as well as a second cave next to it, called Vanguard Cave. The artifacts they left behind were buried as wind pushed sand into the cave. This created a high sloping dune, composed of hundreds of distinct layers of sand, each of which was once the surface of the dune, the floor of the cave. The dune is enormous. It reaches about   of the way up Gorham’s walls, spilling out of the cave’s mouth and onto the rocky beach, like a colossal cat’s tongue lapping at the Mediterranean. Every summer, since 1989, a team of archaeologists has returned to meticulously clear that sand away and recover the material inside. “I realized a long time ago, I won’t live to see the end of this project,” Finlayson, who leads the excavation, told me. “But I think we’re in a great moment. We’re beginning to understand these people after a century of putting them down as apelike brutes. ” Neanderthals are people, too  —   a separate,   branch of our family tree. We last shared an ancestor at some point between 500, 000 and 750, 000 years ago. Then our evolutionary trajectory split. We evolved in Africa, while the Neanderthals would live in Europe and Asia for 300, 000 years. Or as little as 60, 000 years. It depends whom you ask. It always does: The study of human origins, I found, is riddled with vehement disagreements and scientists who readily dismantle the premises of even the most   questions. (In this case, the uncertainty rests, in part, on when, in this long evolutionary process, Neanderthals officially became “Neanderthals. ”) What is clearer is that roughly 40, 000 years ago, just as our own lineage expanded from Africa and took over Eurasia, the Neanderthals disappeared. Scientists have always assumed that the timing wasn’t coincidental. Maybe we used our superior intellects to outcompete the Neanderthals for resources maybe we clubbed them all to death. Whatever the mechanism of this   replacement, it seemed to imply that our kind was somehow better than their kind. We’re still here, after all, and their path ended as soon as we crossed paths. But Neanderthals weren’t the   louts we’ve imagined them to be  —   not just a bunch of Neanderthals. As a review of findings published last year put it, they were actually “very similar” to their contemporary Homo sapiens in Africa, in terms of “standard markers of modern cognitive and behavioral capacities. ” We’ve always classified Neanderthals, technically, as human  —   part of the genus Homo. But it turns out they also did the stuff that, you know, makes us human. Neanderthals buried their dead. They made jewelry and specialized tools. They made ocher and other pigments, perhaps to paint their faces or bodies  —   evidence of a “symbolically mediated worldview,” as archaeologists call it. Their tracheal anatomy suggests that they were capable of language and probably had   raspy voices, like Julia Child. They manufactured glue from birch bark, which required heating the bark to at least 644 degrees Fahrenheit  —   a feat scientists find difficult to duplicate without a ceramic container. In Gibraltar, there’s evidence that Neanderthals extracted the feathers of certain birds  —   only dark feathers  —   possibly for aesthetic or ceremonial purposes. And while Neanderthals were once presumed to be crude scavengers, we now know they exploited the different terrains on which they lived. They took down dangerous game, including an extinct species of rhinoceros. Some ate seals and other marine mammals. Some ate shellfish. Some ate chamomile. (They had regional cuisines.) They used toothpicks. Wearing feathers, eating seals  —   maybe none of this sounds particularly impressive. But it’s what our human ancestors were capable of back then too, and scientists have always considered such behavioral flexibility and complexity as signs of our specialness. When it came to Neanderthals, though, many researchers literally couldn’t see the evidence sitting in front of them. A lot of the new thinking about Neanderthals comes from revisiting material in museum collections, excavated decades ago, and   it with new technology or simply with open minds. The real surprise of these discoveries may not be the competence of Neanderthals but how obnoxiously low our expectations for them have been  —   the bias with which too many scientists approached that other Us. One archaeologist called these researchers “modern human supremacists. ” Inside Gorham’s Cave, archaeologists were excavating what they called a hearth  —   not a physical fireplace but a spot in the sand where, around 50, 000 years ago, Neanderthals lit a fire. Each summer, the Gibraltar Museum employs students from universities in England and Spain to work the dig, and now two young women  —   one from each country  —   sat   under work lights, clearing sand away with the edge of a trowel and a brush to leave a   cube. A black band of charcoal ran through it. The students worked scrupulously, watching for small animal bones or artifacts. They’d pulled out a butchered ibex mandible, a number of mollusk shells and   husks. They’d also found six chunks of fossilized hyena dung, as well as “débitage,” distinctive shards of flint left over when Neanderthals shattered larger pieces to make axes. The cube of sand would eventually be wrapped in plaster and sent for analysis. The sand the two women were sweeping into their dustpans was transferred into plastic bags and marched out of the cave, down to the beach, where other students sieved it. Smaller bones caught in the sieve were bagged and labeled. Even the sand that passed through the sieve was saved and driven back to a lab at the museum, where I would later find three other students picking through it with magnifying glasses and tweezers, searching for tinier stuff  —   rodent teeth,   spines  —   while listening to “Call Me Maybe. ” To an outsider, it looked preposterous. The archaeologists were cataloging and storing absolutely everything, treating this physical material as though it were digital information  —   JPEGs of itself. And yet they couldn’t afford not to: Everything a Neanderthal came into contact with was a valuable clue. (In 28 years of excavations here, archaeologists have yet to find a fossil of an actual Neanderthal.) “This is like putting together a   jigsaw puzzle where you only have five pieces,” Finlayson said. He somehow made this analogy sound exciting instead of hopeless. By that point, the enormousness of what they didn’t know  —   what they could never know  —   had become a distraction for me. One of the dig’s lead archaeologists, Richard Jennings of Liverpool John Moores University, listed the many items they had found around that hearth. “And this is literally just from two squares!” he said. (A “square,” in archaeology, is one meter by one meter sites are divided into grids of squares.) Then Jennings waved wordlessly at the rest of the   cave. Look at the big picture, he was saying imagine what else we’ll find! There was also Vanguard Cave next door, an even more promising site, because while Gorham’s had been partly excavated by less meticulous scientists in the 1940s and ’50s, Finlayson’s team was the first to touch Vanguard. Already they had uncovered a layer of perfectly preserved mud there. (“We suspect, if there’s a place where you’re going to find the first Neanderthal footprint, it will be here,” Finlayson said.) The “resolution” of the caves was incredible the wind blew sand in so fast that it preserved short periods, faithfully, like entries in a diary. Finlayson has described it as “the longest and most detailed record of [Neanderthals’] way of life that is currently available. ” This was the good news. And yet there were more than 20 other nearby caves that the Gibraltar Neanderthals might have used, and they were now underwater, behind us. When sea levels rose around 20, 000 years ago, the Mediterranean drowned them. It also drowned the wooded savanna between Gorham’s and the former coastline  —   where, presumably, the Neanderthals had spent an even larger share of their lives and left even more artifacts. So yes, Jennings was right: There was a lot of cave left to dig through. But it was like looking for needles in a haystack, and the entire haystack was merely the one needle they had managed to find in an astronomically larger haystack. And most of that haystack was now inaccessible forever. I could tell it wasn’t productive to dwell on the problem at this scale, while picking   husks from the hearth, but there it was. “Look, you can almost see what’s happening,” Finlayson eventually said. “The fire and the charcoal, the embers scattering. ” It was true. If you followed that stratum of sand away from the hearth, you could see, embedded in the wall behind us, black flecks where the smoke and cinders from this fire had blown. Suddenly, it struck me  —   though it should have earlier  —   that what we were looking at were the remnants of a single event: a specific fire, on a specific night, made by specific Neanderthals. Maybe this won’t sound that profound, but it snapped that prehistoric abstraction into focus. This wasn’t just a “hearth,” I realized it was a campfire. Finlayson began narrating the scene for me. A few Neanderthals cooked the ibex they had hunted and the mussels and nuts they had foraged and then, after dinner, made some tools around the fire. After they went to sleep and the fire died out, a hyena slinked in to scavenge scraps from the ashes and took a poop. Then  —   perhaps that same night  —   the wind picked up and covered everything with the fine layer of sand that these students were now brushing away. While we stood talking, one of the women uncovered a small flint ax, called a Levallois flake. After 50, 000 years, the edge was still sharp. They let me touch it. One of the earliest authorities on Neanderthals was a Frenchman named Marcellin Boule. A lot of what he said was wrong. In 1911, Boule began publishing his analysis of the first nearly complete Neanderthal skeleton ever discovered, which he named Old Man of La Chapelle, after the limestone cave where it was found. Laboring to reconstruct the Old Man’s anatomy, he deduced that its head must have been slouched forward, its spine hunched and its toes spread like an ape’s. Then, having reassembled the Neanderthal this way, Boule insulted it. This “brutish” and “clumsy” posture, he wrote, clearly indicated a lack of morals and a lifestyle dominated by “functions of a purely vegetative or bestial kind. ” A colleague of Boule’s went further, claiming that Neanderthals usually walked on all fours and never laughed: “  had no smile. ” Boule was part of a movement trying to reconcile natural selection with religion by portraying Neanderthals as closer to animals than to us, he could protect the ideal of a separate, immaculate human lineage. When he consulted with an artist to make a rendering of the Neanderthal, it came out looking like a furry, mean gorilla. Neanderthal fossils kept surfacing in Europe, and scholars like Boule were scrambling to make sense of them, improvising what would later grow into a new interdisciplinary field, now known as paleoanthropology. The evolution of that science was haphazard and often comically unscientific. An exhaustive history by Erik Trinkaus and Pat Shipman describes how Neanderthals became “mirrors that reflected, in all their awfulness and awesomeness, the nature and humanity of those who touched them. ” That included a lot of human blundering. It became clear only in 1957, for example  —   46 years after Boule, and after several   of the Old Man’s skeleton  —   that Boule’s particular Neanderthal, which led him to imagine all Neanderthals as   oafs, actually just had several deforming injuries and severe osteoarthritis. Still, Boule’s influence was  . Over the years, his ideologically tainted image of Neanderthals was often refracted through the lens of other ideologies, occasionally racist ones. In 1930, the prominent British anthropologist Sir Arthur Keith, writing in The New York Times, channeled Boule’s work to justify colonialism. For Keith, the replacement of an ancient, inferior species like Neanderthals by newer, heartier Homo sapiens proved that Britain’s actions in Australia  —   “The white man . .. replacing the most ancient type of brown man known to us”  —   was part of a natural order that had been operating for millenniums. It’s easy to get snooty about all this unenlightened paleoanthropology of the past. But all sciences operate by trying to fit new data into existing theories. And this particular science, for which the “data” has always consisted of scant and somewhat inscrutable bits of rock and fossil, often has to lean on those   even more heavily. “Assumptions, theories, expectations,” the University of Barcelona archaeologist João Zilhão says, “all must come into play a lot, because you are interpreting data that do not speak for themselves. ” Imagine, for example, working in a cave without any skulls or other easily distinguishable fossils and trying to figure out if you’re looking at a Neanderthal settlement or a more recent, modern human one. In the past, scientists might turn to the surrounding artifacts, interpreting more   tools as evidence of Neanderthals and more   tools as evidence of early modern humans. But working that way, it’s easy to miss evidence of Neanderthals’ resemblance to us, because, as soon as you see it, you assume they were us. So many techniques similarly hinge on interpretation and judgment, even perfectly   ones, like “morphometric analysis”  —   identifying fossils as belonging to one species rather than another by comparing particular parts of their anatomy  —   and radiocarbon dating. How the material to be dated is sampled and how results are calibrated are susceptible to drastic revision and bitter disagreement. (What’s more, because of an infuriating quirk of physics, the effectiveness of radiocarbon dating happens to break down around 40, 000 years ago  —   right around the time of the Neanderthal extinction. One of our best tools for looking into the past becomes unreliable at exactly the moment we’re most interested in examining.) Ultimately, a bottomless relativism can creep in: tenuous interpretations held up by webs of other interpretations, each strung from still more interpretations. Almost every archaeologist I interviewed complained that the field has become “overinterpreted”  —   that the ratio of physical evidence to speculation about that evidence is out of whack. Good stories can generate their own momentum. Starting in the 1920s, older and more exciting hominid fossils, like Homo erectus, began surfacing in Africa and Asia, and the field soon shifted its focus there. The Washington University anthropologist Erik Trinkaus, who began his career in the early ’70s, told me, “When I started working on Neanderthals, nobody really cared about them. ” The liveliest question about Neanderthals was still the first one: Were they our direct ancestors or the endpoint of a separate evolutionary track? Scientists called this question “the Neanderthal Problem. ” Some of the theories worked up to answer it encouraged different visions of Neanderthal intelligence and behavior. The “Multiregional Model,” for example, which had us descending from Neanderthals, was more inclined to see them as capable, sympathetic and fundamentally human the opposing “Out of Africa” hypothesis, which held that we moved in and replaced them, cast them as comparatively inferior. For decades, when evidence of a more advanced Neanderthal way of life turned up, it was often explained away, or mobbed by enough contrary or undermining interpretations that, over time, it never found real purchase. Some findings broke through more than others, however, like the discovery of what was essentially a small Neanderthal cemetery, in Shanidar Cave, in what is now Iraqi Kurdistan. There had been many compelling instances of Neanderthals’ burying their dead, but Shanidar was harder to ignore, especially after soil samples revealed the presence of huge amounts of pollen. This was interpreted as the remains of a funerary floral arrangement. An archaeologist at the center of this work, Ralph Solecki, published a book called “Shanidar: The First Flower People. ” It was 1971  —   the Age of Aquarius. Those flowers, he’d go on to write, proved that Neanderthals “had ‘soul. ’’u2009” Then again, Solecki’s idea was eventually discredited. In 1999, a more thorough analysis of the Shanidar grave site found that Neanderthals almost certainly did not leave flowers there. The pollen had been tracked in, thousands of years later, by burrowing,   rodents. (That said, even a   later, there are still paleoanthropologists at work on this question. It might not have been gerbils it may have been bees.) As more supposed anomalies surfaced, they became harder to brush off. In 1996, the paleoanthropologist   Hublin and others used CT scanning technology to   a bone fragment found in a French cave decades earlier, alongside a raft of advanced tools and artifacts, associated with the   Châtelperronian industry, which archaeologists always presumed was the work of early modern humans. Now Hublin’s analysis identified the bone as belonging to a Neanderthal. But rather than reascribe the Châtelperronian industry to Neanderthals, Hublin chalked up his findings to “acculturation”: Surely the Neanderthals must have learned how to make this stuff by watching us. “To me,” says Zilhão, the University of Barcelona archaeologist, “there was a logical shock: If the paradigm forces you to say something like this, there must be something wrong with the paradigm. ” Zilhão published a stinging critique challenging the field to shake off its “  prejudice. ” Papers were fired back and forth, igniting what Zilhão calls “a   war” and counting. Then, in the middle of that war, geneticists shook up the paradigm completely. A group at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany, led by Svante Paabo, had been assembling a draft sequence of a Neanderthal genome, using DNA recovered from bones. Their findings were published in 2010. It had already become clear by then that Homo sapiens and Neanderthals appeared in Eurasia separately  —   “Out of Africa was essentially right”  —   but Paabo’s work revealed that before the Neanderthals disappeared, the two groups mated. Even today, 40, 000 years after our gene pools stopped mixing, most living humans still carry Neanderthal DNA, making up roughly 1 to 2 percent of our total genomes. The data shows that we also apparently bred with other hominids, like the Denisovans, about which very little is known. It was staggering even Paabo couldn’t bring himself to believe it at first. But the results were the results, and they carried a sort of empirical magnetism that archaeological evidence lacks. “Geneticists are much more powerful, numerous and incomparably better funded than anyone else dealing with this stuff,” Zilhão said. He joked: “Their aura is kind of miraculous. It’s a bit like receiving the Ten Commandments from God. ” Paabo’s work, and a continuing wave of genomic research, has provided clarity but also complexity, recasting our oppositional,   relationship into something more communal and collaborative  —   and perhaps not just on the genetic level. The extent of the interbreeding supported previous speculation, by a minority of paleoanthropologists, that there might have been cases of Neanderthals and modern humans living alongside each other, intermeshed, for centuries, and that generations of their offspring had found places in those communities, too. Then again, it’s also possible that some of the interbreeding was forced. Paabo now recommends against imagining separate species of human evolution altogether: not an Us and a Them, but one enormous “metapopulation” composed of shifting clusters of essentially   things that periodically coincided in time and space and, when they happened to bump into one another, occasionally had sex. Lunch happened at the mouth of Gorham’s Cave, out in the sun. I ate a sandwich on a log, facing the sea, alongside Jennings and a few of his Liverpool students, while the young men and women from Spain mingled behind us, laughing and stretching and helping one another crack their backs. The language barrier seemed to discourage the two cohorts from talking much. And yet the students lived together during the excavation and had somehow achieved a muffled camaraderie. Even Jennings and his counterpart, José María Gutiérrez López, a veteran archaeologist from a museum in Cádiz, had a somewhat similar dynamic, despite working closely together for many summers at Gorham’s. Neither was terribly fluent in the other’s language, but their silence, by this point, seemed warm and knowing. Waiting for our ride at the end of one workday, I noticed them staring at a plastic bag snagged in the concertina wire above an old military gate. The bag had been there for a long, long time, Jennings told me. Then he turned and uttered, “Cinco años?” Gutiérrez López smiled. “Sí,” he said, nodding. I, meanwhile, felt compelled to test out all of this as a model for   relations. That contact obsessed me: What would it have been like to look out over a grassy plain and watch parallel humanity pass by? Scientists often turn to historical first contacts as frames of reference, like the arrival of Europeans among Native Americans, or Captain Cook landing in Australia  —   largely histories of violence and subjugation. But as Zilhão points out, typically one of those two cultures set out to conquer the other. “Those people were conscious that they’d come from somewhere else,” he told me. “They were a product of a civilization that had books, that had studied their past. ” Homo sapiens encountering Neanderthals would have been different: They met uncoupled from politics and history neither identified as part of a network of millions of supposedly more advanced people. And so, as Finlayson put it to me: “Each valley could have told a different story. In one, they may have hit each other over the head. In another, they may have made love. In another, they ignored each other. ” It’s a kind of coexistence that our modern imaginations may no longer be sensitive enough to envision. So much of our identity as a species is tied up in our anomalousness, in our dominion over others. But that narcissistic   is an exceedingly recent privilege. (“Outside the world of Tolkienesque fantasy literature, we tend to think that it is normal for there to be just one human species on Earth at a time,” the writers Dimitra Papagianni and Michael A. Morse explain. “The past 20 or 30 millennia, however, have been the exception. ”) Now, eating lunch, I considered that the   of humans and Neanderthals hadn’t been so trippy or profound after all. Maybe it looked as mundane as this: two groups, lingering on a beach, only sort of acknowledging each other. Maybe the many millenniums during which we shared Eurasia was, much of the time, like a superlong elevator ride with strangers. Some paleoanthropologists are starting to reimagine the extinction of Neanderthals as equally prosaic: not the culmination of some epic clash of civilizations but an aggregate result of a long, ecological muddle. Strictly speaking, extinction is what happens after a species fails to maintain a higher proportion of births to deaths  —   it’s a numbers game. And so the real competition between Neanderthals and early modern humans wasn’t localized quarrels for food or territory but a quiet,   demographic marathon: each species repopulating itself, until one fell so far behind that it vanished. And we had a big head start. “When modern humans came,” notes Chris Stringer, a paleoanthropologist at Britain’s Natural History Museum, “there just weren’t that many Neanderthals around. ” For millenniums, some scientists believe, before modern humans poured in from Africa, the climate in Europe was exceptionally unstable. The landscape kept flipping between temperate forest and cold, treeless steppe. The fauna that Neanderthals subsisted on kept migrating away, faster than they could. Though Neanderthals survived this turbulence, they were never able to build up their numbers. (Across all of Eurasia, at any point in history, says John Hawks, an anthropologist at the University of   “there probably weren’t enough of them to fill an N. F. L. stadium. ”) With the demographics so skewed, Stringer went on, even the slightest modern human advantage would be amplified tremendously: a single innovation, something like sewing needles, might protect just enough babies from the elements to lower the infant mortality rate and allow modern humans to conclusively overtake the Neanderthals. And yet Stringer is careful not to conflate innovation with superior intelligence. Innovation, too, can be a function of population size. “We live in an age where information, where good ideas, spread like wildfire, and we build on them,” Stringer told me. “But it wasn’t like that 50, 000 years ago. ” The more members your species has, the more likely one member will stumble on a useful new technology  —   and that, once stumbled upon, the innovation will spread you need sufficient human tinder for those sparks of culture to catch. “There was nothing inevitable about modern human success,” Stringer says. “It was luck. ” We didn’t defeat the Neanderthals we just swamped them. Trinkaus compares it to how European wildcats are currently disappearing, absorbed into much larger populations of house cats gone feral. It wasn’t a flattering analogy  —   we are the house cats  —   but that was Trinkaus’s point: “I think a lot of this is basically banal,” he says. Showing me around the Gibraltar Museum one morning, Finlayson described the petering out of Neanderthals on the Rock with unnerving pathos. Gibraltar, with its comparatively stable climate, would have been one of their last refuges, he explained, and he likened the population there to critically endangered species today, like snow leopards or imperiled butterflies: living relics carrying on in small, fragmented populations long after they’ve passed a genetic point of no return. “They became a ghost species,” Finlayson said. We happened to be standing in front of two Neanderthals, exquisitely lifelike sculptures the museum unveiled last spring, on a sweep of sand in their own austere gallery. They were scientific reconstructions, extrapolated by artists from casts of actual fossils. (These two were based on the only Neanderthal skulls ever recovered in Gibraltar: that first woman’s skull, sent to George Busk in 1864, and another, of a child, unearthed in 1926.) They were called Nana and Flint. Finlayson’s wife, Geraldine, and son, Stewart  —   both scientists who work closely with him at the museum  —   had helped him come up with the names. The boy had his arms thrown around Nana’s waist, his cheek on her thigh. He was   himself behind her leg, as kids do, but also stared out, straight at us, slightly alarmed, or helpless. “I don’t get tired of looking at them,” Finlayson said. He had commissioned the Neanderthals from Dutch artists known as Kennis  Kennis, and he was initially taken aback by the woman’s posture in their sketches. She stood oddly, with her arms crossed in front of her chest, resting on opposite shoulders, as if she were  . But Kennis  Kennis barraged him with ethnographic photos: real   people standing just like this, or even more strangely, their hands behind their necks or slung over their heads. As it happens, the artists had an intense personal interest in where human beings leave their hands when they don’t have pockets. I’d never thought about this before  —   I’ve always had pockets  —   and I wondered if artists might expose these perceptual bubbles more pointedly than archaeologists. Kennis  Kennis appeared to be major players in the tiny field of Paleolithic reconstruction. Scientists who had worked with them encouraged me to seek them out. “They’re great people,” one archaeologist told me. “Hyperactive. Like rubber balls. ” The Kennis brothers, Adrie and Alfons, are each 50 years old: identical twins. They are sturdy, attractive men, with dark, wildly swirling hair, and live in the small Dutch city of Arnhem, southeast of Amsterdam. When I arrived at Adrie’s house last summer, I found Alfons at the end of the driveway, glasses sliding down his nose, carefully filling a crack in the robin’   butt cheek of a silicon Neanderthal mold. Kennis  Kennis had gradually   Adrie’s house as a second studio. Most of their work and materials were here:   headless bodies of various human species and a wall of shelves filled with skulls and heads. The heads were frighteningly realistic, with glass eyes and fleshy faces that begged to be touched. When the brothers fly around Europe to pitch to museums, they take these heads with them, like salesmen’s samples. “On the airplane! We have heads!” Adrie shouted. “They scan things!” Alfons shouted. And slowly I understood: The brothers thought it was hilarious that airport security never questioned them about their duffel bags full of heads. “I never have to open my bags!” Adrie said, then he scampered to the wall, where a particular head had caught his eye: very   with a rough, bushy beard and rawness in its upper lip  —   a reconstruction of a primitive Homo sapiens skull found in Morocco. Adrie held the head in his palm and hollered, “Bowling!” while pretending to bowl with it. Then he laughed and laughed and laughed. That was how it went for the rest of the day. They spoke in a bifurcated riot, seldom finishing sentences, just skipping ahead once they had spit out the key words. And if a thought escaped them or their English faltered, they didn’t go silent instead, they repeated the last word, or made a strange guttural drone, as if thrusting some heavy weight over their heads, to fill the space. Their first big commission came in 2006, for the Neanderthal Museum, on the site of Neander Valley. It emerged as a jovial,   old man, with woefulness, or maybe just exhaustion, behind his eyes. That jolt of Neanderthal individuality has been a trademark of their work ever since. It elevates Neanderthals out of a single homogeneous abstraction and endows them with personhood. (At one point, Adrie described watching a neighbor spend an entire day   each brick of his driveway. He had an epiphany: “All the types of people around us, there must have been Neanderthals just like them. ” Alfons added: “Neanderthal neat freaks! Neanderthal Bill Gates! ”) What the brothers want, they told me, is for the viewer to catch herself relating to the Neanderthal  —   to recognize, in a visceral way, that Neanderthals sit at the fragile edge of our own identities. To feel that, Adrie explained, “they need to look you in the eye. ” They were obsessed  —   the only word for it  —   and have been since age 7, when Alfons found a picture of a Neanderthal skeleton in a book, and it instantly possessed them both. They spent a lot of time at their parents’ restaurant, after school and on weekends: With nothing to do, they started drawing Neanderthals. They drew feverishly, combatively, each brother keenly aware of whose rib cage looked brawnier, who had rendered more beautiful shadows on his Neanderthal’s upper lip. “We were both the dumbest guys in the whole school!” Alfons said. “We couldn’t count!” Drawing was all they knew how to do. As young men, they tried to teach art but couldn’t find steady employment. Their family told them to give up their crazy preoccupation. They wouldn’t. They made art at night and took custodial jobs at a psychiatric hospital. They organized the Christmas talent show and played   with the residents. Initially they were painters, not sculptors. They made   reconstructions only to have lifelike models to paint: They were that meticulous, that fixated on knowing how the musculature of a Neanderthal hung off its skeleton. Because they had to produce a   individual, the brothers were forced to make decisions about what paleoanthropologists had the luxury of describing as spectra of variation. Geneticists can suggest a probable scope of skin and hair colors. But the brothers must imagine the wear on a particular Neanderthal’s skin after a hard life outside, or the abuse his toenails would take. And would Neanderthals wear ponytails? Would they shear their bangs away, to get their hair out of their faces? “Every culture does something with their hair!” Alfons insisted. “There’s no culture that does nothing with their hair. ” This uncorked a frantic seminar on known global hairstyles of the last several thousand years. They began pulling up photos on Adrie’s laptop, dozens of them, from anthropological archives or stills from old ethnographic films. These were some of the same photos they had shown Finlayson. The brothers had pored over them for years but still gasped or bellowed now as each new, improbable human form materialized. The pictures showed a panorama of divergent body types and grooming: spiky eyebrows astonishingly asymmetrical breasts a towering aboriginal man with the chiseled torso of an American underwear model, but two twigs for legs a Hottentot woman with an extraordinarily convex rear end. “People would never let us make buttocks like this!” Alfons said regretfully. “All this variation! It’s beautiful!” shouted Adrie, refusing to look away from the screen. He had to look: These were reaches of reality that our minds didn’t travel to on their own. “If you live in the West, you’d never imagine,” he went on. The brothers’ delight seemed to come from feeling all these superficial differences quiver against a profound,   sameness. Finally, Adrie turned to me and said very seriously, “These are all Homo sapiens. ” They showed me more photos. “It’s real, it’s real, it’s real!” Alfons kept shouting. Adrie said, “Unimaginable, unimaginable, unimaginable!” It only registered later: I had spent the day with identical twins who, since childhood, have been stupefied by how different human beings can be. At the rear of Gorham’s Cave, past the hearth the team was excavating, there was a tall metal staircase. It led up to a long catwalk, which led to a locked steel gate. I waited there one morning while Finlayson fumbled around in his pocket. Then he turned his key. The excavation had worked through this narrowed rear chamber of the cave years earlier and discovered, at the end of the 2012 season, an engraving on the floor: a crosshatched pattern of 13 grooves in the bedrock. A tide of specialists flowed into Gorham’s. They determined that the engraving was made at least 39, 000 years ago and ruled out its having been created inadvertently  —   left over after skinning an animal, say. In controlled experiments, it took between 188 and 317 strokes with a flint tool to create the entire figure. “What we’ve always said,” Finlayson explained, “is it’s intentional and it’s not functional. You can call that art, if you like. ” The finding was published in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in 2014. The news media called the engraving “the hashtag. ” One scientist described the elaborate crosshatch as watershed evidence of Neanderthals’ capacity for “complex symbolic thought” and “abstract expression. ” But several archaeologists told me they believe that there are many clearer signs of Neanderthals’ capacity for complex cognition and symbolism, including a discovery in Southern France last year that seemed to dwarf the hashtag’s significance. (More than 1, 000 feet into the Bruniquel Cave, Neanderthals assembled two rings of 400 deliberately broken stalagmites, with other material piled and propped around it  —   like a labyrinth, or a shrine.) But Finlayson was undaunted. He turned the hashtag into a logo for the   rebranding of his museum. There was a hashtag decal on the van he picked me up in every morning. We stood and talked for a while until, finally, with Richard   aplomb, Finlayson lifted a tarp and showed it to me. It did not make a tremendous impact at first  —   it was lines in rock. But Finlayson went on, pointing to a spot near the entrance to this isolated anteroom, a few feet across from the engraving, where the team had excavated another hearth. Neanderthals built fires in that exact spot, on and off, for 8, 000 years, he said  —   until their disappearance from Gibraltar. But few animal bones were recovered here it wasn’t a place they cooked. And the location of the fire was also puzzling: Neanderthals usually situated fires at the fronts of caves, to control smoke. And yet, Finlayson explained, “if you look up, this has a natural chimney. ” We flung our heads back: A chute coursed through the high, craggy ceiling above us. It seemed, Finlayson explained, that the Neanderthals did their butchering and cooking at the front of Gorham’s, then retired here at night. Lighting a fire at this hearth would block the narrowest point in the cave, sealing off this chamber from predators. You could hang out here, Finlayson said, “have a   snack or something,” then head to bed. “See there?” he said, motioning to a smaller opening to our right. It led to a second room, similar to this one. “This,” Finlayson said, “is the bedroom. ” I looked again at the hashtag. It wasn’t on the cave floor, exactly, as it was usually described, but on a broad ledge, a foot or two off the ground. It made for a perfect bench, and it was suddenly easy to imagine a Neanderthal sitting on it, in ideal proximity to the fire. For all I knew, the hashtag marked his or her favorite seat. But Finlayson wasn’t done. After the Neanderthal artifacts disappear from Gorham’s sediment layers, there’s a gap of many thousand years  —   a thick stack of empty sand. Then other artifacts appear: Modern humans occupied the cave and built a fire here, too, just a couple of feet from the Neanderthals’ hearth. They used the bedroom annex as well. They left a cave painting on the wall in there: a gorgeous red stag, indisputably recognizable to us  —   their descendants  —   as art. Another 18, 000 years passed, give or take. The Phoenicians came. And they left offerings back here there were shards of their ceramics under the catwalk we had just crossed. Then, 2, 000 years after that, in 1907, a certain Captain A. Gorham of Britain’s Second Battalion Royal Munster Fusiliers arrived. Gorham didn’t discover Gorham’s Cave, Finlayson told me it had always been impossible to miss. “That’s what he found,” Finlayson said. “That’s really Gorham’s Cave. ” He pointed to the bedroom, and we both turned, bathing it with our headlamps. Beside the entrance was written, in big block letters, GORHAM’S CAVE 1907, with a chunky black arrow pointing to the doorway. Gorham had written his name directly over the spot where, some 39, 000 years earlier, a Neanderthal had made his or her own mark. The full sweep and synchronicity of this history hadn’t seemed to occur to Finlayson before. Hesitantly, he said, “Maybe there are special places in the world that have universal human appeal. ” I felt a similar, uncanny rush when I noticed that, at some point while he talked, we had each instinctually taken a seat on the rock ledge, next to the hashtag, and were now sitting side by side, staring into space where the two ancient campfires once burned. It’s not an especially spiritual experience when one human being walks into another human being’s kitchen for the first time and simply knows where the silverware drawer is. At the back of Gorham’s, though, that intuition was spread across two distinct kinds of humans and tens of thousands of years. Ultimately, why we are here and the Neanderthals are not can no longer be explained in a way that implies that our existence is particularly meaningful or secure. But at least moments like this placed our existence inside some longer,    continuity. It was the day of the Brexit vote. After   from the cave with Finlayson, I would spend the rest of the afternoon rejiggering my travel plans in a mild panic, trying to catch a ride out of Gibraltar and into Spain that night, so that if the Spanish exacted a retaliatory   after the results were announced, I could still make my flight home from Malaga the next day. I won’t describe the scenes I saw that morning  —   the blankness on people’s faces at the airport, phone calls I overheard  —   except to say that when I woke up on Nov. 9, after our own election, I felt equipped with at least a faint frame of reference. Reality seemed heightened and a little dangerous, because for so many people, including me, it had broken away from our expectations. We had misunderstood the present in the same way archaeologists can misunderstand the past. What was possible was suddenly exposed as grossly insufficient, because, to borrow Finlayson’s metaphor, we never imagined that the few jigsaw puzzle pieces we based it on constituted such a tiny part of the whole. Even some on the winning sides seemed similarly stunned and adrift. Many, though, just felt vindicated. Later that summer, I came across an essay for a British weekly by the actress Elizabeth Hurley, a fervent Leave supporter, who was now doubling down. “Knock yourselves out calling us   Neanderthals,” she wrote, “and spit a bit more venom and vitriol our way. You are showing yourselves in all your meanspirited,   elitist glory. ” When I read that, I took genuine umbrage  —   but on the Neanderthals’ behalf. And while I hate to admit it, I also felt a cheap but delicious tingle of smugness, because I now knew that “Neanderthal” wasn’t the insult Hurley thought it was  —   though this, I simultaneously realized, also closed a certain   loop and promoted, in me, the very   elitist glory Hurley was incensed by, thus deepening the divide. It was dizzying and sad and maybe inevitably human, but still no help to us at all."
271,17589,"Review: Lemony Snicket’s Creations, in a Cloud of Marvelous Gloom - The New York Times",New York Times,Neil Genzlinger,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"Each generation apparently must have its own Lemony Snicket adaptation, and today’s    have been given a marvelously tangy one, courtesy of Netflix, that turns the franchise into an   series that becomes available on Friday. Parents: Brace yourselves for a dark turn in your children’s senses of humor and a marked improvement in their vocabularies. The show is called, of course, “A Series of Unfortunate Events,” and it’s based on the popular books, ostensibly written by Lemony Snicket but in fact written by an actual person, Daniel Handler. The tone of these gothic tales is twisted and gloomy, and in Patrick Warburton this version has found the perfect Lemony to narrate them. He warns glumly that viewers are about to embark on a “descent into misery, tribulation and dire inconvenience,” and he is not wrong. The story follows three children, the Baudelaires, who, it seems, are orphaned by a fire within the first few minutes. Violet (Malina Weissman) the oldest, is a tinkerer, a sort of young MacGyver. Klaus (Louis Hynes) who is “a little older than 12,” reads more than any    should. And a special casting prize should go to whoever found Presley Smith, a very expressive infant portraying Sunny, whose preverbal blatherings are not as meaningless as they sound (something we learn from subtitles). The child actors are all quite good, as they have to be  —   this series is all about tone, and not every young performer could nail the one required here. Things really fall into place, though, when Neil Patrick Harris materializes. It might require a double take to recognize him, as he is rather heavily made up for the role of Count Olaf, the villain of the tale, who becomes the children’s first guardian through questionable means and does not exactly have their best interests at heart. What he does have is a lust for the money they have inherited. Olaf is the role played by Jim Carrey in the 2004 movie version, a portrayal that some critics found excessive and  . In her review of that film in The New York Times, Manohla Dargis wrote of the young actors who portrayed Violet and Klaus that it was “a wonder they didn’t request oxygen masks after being forced into such close proximity with so much ham. ” Mr. Harris’s performance proves that there’s an art to over the top. His Olaf is just as   even   but somehow not irritating. He seems to be having a wonderful time being wicked, and he invites you, the viewer, to enjoy his enjoyment. The running gag of breaking from the action to explain what various $4 and $5 words mean works beautifully, and the cast surrounding the core players is well chosen (especially Joan Cusack as Justice Strauss, Olaf’s neighbor). The whole enterprise is wrapped in a   look and served with a respect for the ability of young minds to perceive offbeat, incongruous humor, the very quality that made the books so successful in the first place."
272,17590,Comey Letter on Clinton Email Is Subject of Justice Dept. Inquiry - The New York Times,New York Times,"Adam Goldman, Eric Lichtblau and Matt Apuzzo",2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   The Justice Department’s inspector general said Thursday that he would open a broad investigation into how the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, handled the case over Hillary Clinton’s emails, including his decision to discuss it at a news conference and to disclose 11 days before the election that he had new information that could lead him to reopen it. The inspector general, Michael E. Horowitz, will not look into the decision not to prosecute Mrs. Clinton or her aides. But he will review actions Mr. Comey took that Mrs. Clinton and many of her supporters believe cost her the election. They are: the news conference in July at which he announced he was not indicting Mrs. Clinton but described her behavior as “extremely careless” the letter to Congress in late October in which he said that newly discovered emails could potentially change the outcome of the F. B. I. ’s investigation and the letter three days before the election in which he said that he was closing it again. The inspector general’s office said that it was initiating the investigation in response to complaints from members of Congress and the public about actions by the F. B. I. and the Justice Department during the campaign that could be seen as politically motivated. For Mr. Comey and the agency he heads, the Clinton investigation was politically fraught from the moment the F. B. I. received a referral in July 2015 to determine whether Mrs. Clinton and her aides had mishandled classified information. Senior F. B. I. officials believed there was never going to be a good outcome, since it put them in the middle of a bitterly partisan issue. Whatever the decision on whether to charge Mrs. Clinton with a crime, Mr. Comey, a Republican former Justice Department official appointed by President Obama, was going to get hammered. And he was. Republicans, who made her use of a private email server a centerpiece of their campaign against Mrs. Clinton, attacked Mr. Comey after he decided there was not sufficient evidence she had mishandled classified information to prosecute her. The Clinton campaign believed the F. B. I. investigation was overblown and seriously damaged her chances to win the White House and resented Mr. Comey’s comments about Mrs. Clinton at his news conference. But the campaign was particularly upset about Mr. Comey’s two letters, which created a wave of damaging news stories at the end of the campaign, when Mrs. Clinton and her supporters thought they had put the email issue behind them. In the end, the emails that the F. B. I. reviewed  —   which came up during an unrelated inquiry into Anthony D. Weiner, the estranged husband of a top Clinton aide, Huma Abedin  —   proved irrelevant to the investigation’s outcome. The Clinton campaign said Mr. Comey’s actions quite likely caused a significant number of undecided voters to cast ballots for   Donald J. Trump. F. B. I. officials said Thursday that they welcomed the scrutiny. In a statement, Mr. Comey described Mr. Horowitz as “professional and independent” and promised to cooperate with his investigation. “I hope very much he is able to share his conclusions and observations with the public because everyone will benefit from thoughtful evaluation and transparency,” Mr. Comey said. Brian Fallon, the former press secretary for the Clinton campaign and the former top spokesman for the Justice Department, said the inspector general’s investigation was long overdue. “This is highly encouraging and to be expected, given Director Comey’s drastic deviation from Justice Department protocol,” he said. “A probe of this sort, however long it takes to conduct, is utterly necessary in order to take the first step to restore the F. B. I. ’s reputation as a nonpartisan institution. ” Mr. Horowitz has the authority to recommend a criminal investigation if he finds evidence of illegality, but there has been no suggestion that Mr. Comey’s actions were unlawful. Rather, the question has been whether he acted inappropriately, showed bad judgment or violated Justice Department guidelines. It is not clear what the consequences would be for Mr. Comey if he was found to have done any of those things. The Justice Department and the F. B. I. have a longstanding policy against discussing criminal investigations. Another Justice Department policy declares that politics should play no role in investigative decisions. Both Democratic and Republican administrations have interpreted that policy broadly to prohibit taking any steps that might even hint at an impression of partisanship. Inspectors general have investigated F. B. I. directors before, but rarely. The most   example was the investigation of William S. Sessions, who was fired by President Bill Clinton after an internal inquiry cited him for financial misconduct. In recent years, the inspector general has investigated accusations of wrongdoing by the F. B. I. involving some of its most sensitive operations, including a number of surveillance and counterterrorism programs. As part of the review, the inspector general will examine other issues related to the email investigation that Republicans have raised. They include whether the deputy director of the F. B. I. Andrew G. McCabe, should have recused himself from any involvement in it. In 2015, Mr. McCabe’s wife ran for a State Senate seat in Virginia as a Democrat and accepted nearly $500, 000 in political contributions from Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a key ally of the Clintons. Though Mr. McCabe did not assume his post until February 2016, months after his wife was defeated, critics both within the agency and outside of it felt that he should have recused himself. The F. B. I. has said Mr. McCabe played no role in his wife’s campaign. He also told his superiors she was running and sought ethics advice from F. B. I. officials. Mr. Horowitz said he would also investigate whether the Justice Department’s top congressional liaison, Peter Kadzik, had improperly provided information to the Clinton campaign. A hacked email posted by WikiLeaks showed that Mr. Kadzik alerted the campaign about a coming congressional hearing that was likely to raise questions about Mrs. Clinton. Investigators will be helped in gathering evidence by a law that Congress passed just last month, which ensures that inspectors general across the government will have access to all relevant agency records in their reviews. The law grew out of skirmishes between the F. B. I. and the Justice Department inspector general over attempts by the F. B. I. to keep grand jury material and other records off limits. The new law means Mr. Horowitz’s investigators should have access to any records deemed relevant. Mr. Trump has not indicated whether he intends to keep Mr. Comey in his job. When he cleared Mrs. Clinton of criminal wrongdoing during the campaign, Mr. Trump accused him of being part of a rigged system. Although the president does not need cause to fire the F. B. I. director, a critical inspector general report could provide justification to do so if Mr. Trump is looking for some."
273,17591,"How a Sensational, Unverified Dossier Became a Crisis for Donald Trump - The New York Times",New York Times,"Scott Shane, Nicholas Confessore and Matthew Rosenberg",2017-02-06,2017.0,2.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Seven months ago, a respected former British spy named Christopher Steele won a contract to build a file on Donald J. Trump’s ties to Russia. Last week, the explosive details  —   unsubstantiated accounts of frolics with prostitutes, real estate deals that were intended as bribes and coordination with Russian intelligence of the hacking of Democrats  —   were summarized for Mr. Trump in an appendix to a   intelligence report. The consequences have been incalculable and will play out long past Inauguration Day. Word of the summary, which was also given to President Obama and congressional leaders, leaked to CNN Tuesday, and the rest of the media followed with sensational reports. Mr. Trump denounced the unproven claims Wednesday as a fabrication, a   smear concocted by “sick people. ” It has further undermined his relationship with the intelligence agencies and cast a shadow over the new administration. Late Wednesday night, after speaking with Mr. Trump, James R. Clapper Jr. the director of national intelligence, issued a statement decrying leaks about the matter and saying of Mr. Steele’s dossier that the intelligence agencies have “not made any judgment that the information in this document is reliable. ” Mr. Clapper suggested that intelligence officials had nonetheless shared it to give policy makers “the fullest possible picture of any matters that might affect national security. ” Parts of the story remain out of reach  —   most critically the basic question of how much, if anything, in the dossier is true. But it is possible to piece together a rough narrative of what led to the current crisis, including lingering questions about the ties binding Mr. Trump and his team to Russia. The episode also offers a glimpse of the hidden side of presidential campaigns, involving private    looking for the worst they can find about the next American leader. The story began in September 2015, when a wealthy Republican donor who strongly opposed Mr. Trump put up the money to hire a Washington research firm run by former journalists, Fusion GPS, to compile a dossier about the real estate magnate’s past scandals and weaknesses, according to a person familiar with the effort. The person described the opposition research work on condition of anonymity, citing the volatile nature of the story and the likelihood of future legal disputes. The identity of the donor is unclear. Fusion GPS, headed by a former Wall Street Journal journalist known for his dogged reporting, Glenn Simpson, most often works for business clients. But in presidential elections, the firm is sometimes hired by candidates, party organizations or donors to do political “oppo” work  —   shorthand for opposition research  —   on the side. It is routine work and ordinarily involves creating a big, searchable database of public information: past news reports, documents from lawsuits and other relevant data. For months, Fusion GPS gathered the documents and put together the files from Mr. Trump’s past in business and entertainment, a rich target. After Mr. Trump emerged as the presumptive nominee in the spring, the Republican interest in financing the effort ended. But Democratic supporters of Hillary Clinton were very interested, and Fusion GPS kept doing the same deep dives, but on behalf of new clients. In June, the tenor of the effort suddenly changed. The Washington Post reported that the Democratic National Committee had been hacked, apparently by Russian government agents, and a mysterious figure calling himself “Guccifer 2. 0” began to publish the stolen documents online. Mr. Simpson hired Mr. Steele, a former British intelligence officer with whom he had worked before. Mr. Steele, in his early 50s, had served undercover in Moscow in the early 1990s and later was the top expert on Russia at the London headquarters of Britain’s spy service, MI6. When he stepped down in 2009, he started his own commercial intelligence firm, Orbis Business Intelligence. The former journalist and the former spy, according to people who know them, had similarly dark views of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, a former K. G. B. officer, and the varied tactics he and his intelligence operatives used to smear, blackmail or bribe their targets. As a former spy who had carried out espionage inside Russia, Mr. Steele was in no position to travel to Moscow to study Mr. Trump’s connections there. Instead, he hired native Russian speakers to call informants inside Russia and made surreptitious contact with his own connections in the country as well. Mr. Steele wrote up his findings in a series of memos, each a few pages long, that he began to deliver to Fusion GPS in June and continued at least until December. By then, the election was over, and neither Mr. Steele nor Mr. Simpson was being paid by a client, but they did not stop what they believed to be very important work. (Mr. Simpson declined to comment for this article, and Mr. Steele did not immediately reply to a request for comment.) The memos described two different Russian operations. The first was a yearslong effort to find a way to influence Mr. Trump, perhaps because he had contacts with Russian oligarchs whom Mr. Putin wanted to keep track of. According to Mr. Steele’s memos, it used an array of familiar tactics: the gathering of “kompromat,” compromising material such as alleged tapes of Mr. Trump with prostitutes in a Moscow hotel, and proposals for business deals attractive to Mr. Trump. The goal would probably never have been to make Mr. Trump a knowing agent of Russia, but to make him a source who might provide information to friendly Russian contacts. But if Mr. Putin and his agents wanted to entangle Mr. Trump using business deals, they did not do it very successfully. Mr. Trump has said he has no major properties there, though one of his sons said at a real estate conference in 2008 that “a lot of money” was “pouring in from Russia. ” The second Russian operation described was recent: a series of contacts with Mr. Trump’s representatives during the campaign, in part to discuss the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman, John D. Podesta. According to Mr. Steele’s sources, it involved, among other things, a   meeting in Prague between Michael Cohen, a lawyer for Mr. Trump, and Oleg Solodukhin, a Russian official who works for Rossotrudnichestvo, an organization that promotes Russia’s interests abroad. By all accounts, Mr. Steele has an excellent reputation with American and British intelligence colleagues and had done work for the F. B. I. on the investigation of bribery at FIFA, soccer’s global governing body. Colleagues say he was acutely aware of the danger he and his associates were being fed Russian disinformation. Russian intelligence had mounted a complex hacking operation to damage Mrs. Clinton, and a similar operation against Mr. Trump was possible. But much of what he was told, and passed on to Fusion GPS, was very difficult to check. And some of the claims that can be checked seem problematic. Mr. Cohen, for instance, said on Twitter on Tuesday night that he has never been in Prague Mr. Solodukhin, his purported Russian contact, denied in a telephone interview that he had ever met Mr. Cohen or anyone associated with Mr. Trump. The   on Wednesday cited news reports that a different Michael Cohen with no Trump ties may have visited Prague and that the two Cohens might have been mixed up in Mr. Steele’s reports. But word of a dossier had begun to spread through political circles. Rick Wilson, a Republican political operative who was working for a super PAC supporting Marco Rubio, said he heard about it in July, when an investigative reporter for a major news network called him to ask what he knew. By early fall, some of Mr. Steele’s memos had been given to the F. B. I. which was already investigating Mr. Trump’s Russian ties, and to journalists. An MI6 official, whose job does not permit him to be quoted by name, said that in late summer or early fall, Mr. Steele also passed the reports he had prepared on Mr. Trump and Russia to British intelligence. Mr. Steele was concerned about what he was hearing about Mr. Trump, and he thought that the information should not be solely in the hands of people looking to win a political contest. After the election, the memos, still being supplemented by his inquiries, became one of Washington’s   secrets, as reporters  —   including from The New York Times  —   scrambled to confirm or disprove them. Word also reached Capitol Hill. Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, heard about the dossier and obtained a copy in December from David J. Kramer, a former top State Department official who works for the McCain Institute at Arizona State University. Mr. McCain passed the information to James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director. Remarkably for Washington, many reporters for competing news organizations had the salacious and damning memos, but they did not leak, because their contents could not be confirmed. (Mother Jones magazine was an exception, publishing a story on Oct. 31 that described the dossier, its origin and significance, while omitting the titillating details.) That changed only this week, after the heads of the C. I. A. the F. B. I. and the National Security Agency added a summary of the memos, along with information gathered from other intelligence sources, to their report on the Russian cyberattack on the election. Now, after the most contentious of elections, Americans are divided and confused about what to believe about the incoming president. And there is no prospect soon for full clarity on the veracity of the claims made against him. “It is a remarkable moment in history,” said Mr. Wilson, the Florida political operative. “What world did I wake up in?”"
274,17592,"Christopher Steele, Ex-Spy Who Compiled Trump Dossier, Goes to Ground - The New York Times",New York Times,Steven Erlanger,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"LONDON  —   Christopher Steele, the former British intelligence agent who prepared the dossier on Donald J. Trump’s supposed activities in Russia, has gone underground. The strange story of the dossier, which United States intelligence agencies, the F. B. I. Senator John McCain and many journalists have had for weeks, if not months, and which Mr. Trump presumably must have known about, appears to have had personal consequences for Mr. Steele. According to neighbors and news reports, Mr. Steele hurriedly left his home in Surrey, a county southwest of London, on Wednesday to avoid attention or possible retribution once his identity as the author of the dossier was revealed, first by The Wall Street Journal. The Journal reported that Mr. Steele had declined its interview requests because the subject was “too hot. ” Mr. Steele, 52, was a longstanding officer with MI6, the British equivalent of the C. I. A. serving in Paris and Moscow in the 1990s before retiring. In 2009, he started a private research firm, Orbis Business Intelligence Ltd. with Christopher Burrows, now 58. Mr. Burrows has refused to confirm or deny that Mr. Steele and Orbis wrote the memos that made up the dossier, initially under contract to a Washington firm paid to dig into harmful matters from Mr. Trump’s past. Mr. Burrows’s profile page on LinkedIn describes him as a former counselor in the Foreign Office, with postings in Brussels and New Delhi in the early 2000s. Diplomatic postings are sometimes used to provide cover for intelligence agents. Mr. Steele’s profile on LinkedIn gives no specifics about his career. He is known in British intelligence circles for his knowledge of the intricate web of   companies and associates that control Russia. Mr. Steele, as a known former MI6 agent, was thought not to have gone to Russia in his investigations but to have used contacts inside and outside the country to prepare the dossier, which United States intelligence agencies have said they cannot substantiate. But the file was used to prepare a   appendix to the intelligence presentation American officials gave to Mr. Trump last Friday. Mr. Trump has denied the allegations in the dossier in the sharpest terms, and called them “fake news. ” Russia has denied that it holds any compromising material on Mr. Trump. John Sipher, who retired from the C. I. A. in 2014 after 28 years with the agency, described Mr. Steele as having a good reputation and “some credibility. ” Mr. Sipher was stationed in Moscow in the 1990s, and then ran the C. I. A. ’s Russia program for three years, according to an interview he gave to PBS NewsHour. He now works at CrossLead, a   technology company. “I have confidence that the F. B. I. is going to follow this through,” Mr. Sipher said. “My nervousness is that these kind of things are going to dribble and drabble out for the next several years and cause a real problem for this administration going forward. ” An investigator for a business research firm in London similar to Orbis, who knows the work of the company but who has met Mr. Steele only briefly, said he was not impressed by the dossier. “I have a lot of experience in this world,” he said. “If I were the client, I would throw it back and say, ‘Where’s the evidence guys? I can’t use this.’ ” The investigator, who asked for anonymity because he did not want to discuss publicly the work of a competitor, said that “all intel has to be caveated. ” “Maybe they went to a usually reliable source,” he added, “but there’s no explanation about the credibility of these sources. ” He continued, “Maybe sometimes sources want to tell the investigators what their clients want to hear. ” Referring to companies like Orbis and his own, he said: “Usually your job would be to stop clients from dealing with corrupt, questionable counterparts in a   country like Russia, but this same network could be put to use” to compile reports like the one on Mr. Trump. “There’s a risk that maybe the sources fed questionable intelligence, knowing that it would do more damage to Trump’s enemies than to Trump,” the investigator suggested. Orbis’s website says that it was “founded by former British intelligence professionals. ” Based in Grosvenor Gardens, near Victoria Station in London, the company says it has a “sophisticated investigative capability” and mounts “  operations” and “complex, often   investigations. ” According to the website, it also offers “  source reporting on business and politics at all levels,” and “draws on extensive experience at boardroom level in government, multilateral diplomacy and international business to develop bespoke solutions for clients. ” Mr. Steele and Orbis have previously investigated corruption at FIFA, the governing body of world soccer. In October, David Corn of Mother Jones magazine wrote about the dossier and described his conversations with Mr. Steele, whom he did not identify by name or nationality. According to the British newspaper The Telegraph, a friend of Mr. Steele’s said that after his name and nationality were revealed, he had become “terrified for his and his family’s safety. ” Mr. Steele’s wife and children also were not at home."
275,17593,C-Span Online Broadcast Interrupted by Russian Network - The New York Times,New York Times,Jonah Engel Bromwich,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"At 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Representative Maxine Waters was on the floor of the House of Representatives, arguing for the importance of the Securities and Exchange Commission. “At this time,” Ms. Waters, Democrat of California, said, “with a bill that would basically take our cop on the block, the S. E. C. and literally obliterate  —   —  ” Alas, politics junkies, news editors and anyone else who was watching the broadcast online did not learn how that sentence ended. Ms. Waters was cut off. Instead, they heard the jangling music of a feed from RT, a   Russian television network that has been accused of helping its government interfere in the American election. Some on social media immediately assumed that the interruption, which lasted about 10 minutes, had nefarious implications.    in a statement, had a simpler explanation: It was probably a technical error.  ’s television broadcast continued uninterrupted. Noting that RT is among the news feeds it regularly monitors, it said: “We don’t believe we were hacked. Instead, our initial investigation suggests that this was caused by an internal routing error. We take our network security very seriously and will continue with a deeper investigation, which may take some time. ” RT America, which is broadcast by cable companies within the United States, did not respond to an email requesting comment on Thursday afternoon. A recent declassified intelligence report accused Russia of interfering in the election and said that RT “aimed at undermining viewers’ trust of U. S. democratic procedures. ”    —   a private company that, according to its website, is available in 100 million American homes  —   receives no government money but broadcasts all live congressional proceedings, providing a direct feed of the daily stuff of politics to Americans who find themselves interested in what their representatives are doing. Howard Mortman, a network spokesman, said he could not provide numbers for  ’s online viewership at the time of the interruption.  ’s newsroom monitors many other channels for breaking news, including domestic networks like CBS and CNN as well as various international networks. Its statement suggested that a routing error had caused the RT feed it regularly monitors to be broadcast accidentally. Mr. Mortman said the network’s early explanation for the interruption came from an internal analysis. He said that he was not aware of any previous such interruption. Timothy Burke, the video director at Deadspin, who regularly monitors 20 to 30 online news feeds from his home in Tampa, Fla. was among the first to comment on Twitter about the sudden interruption. He said he had assumed “somebody just flipped a wrong switch somewhere. ” Had Mr. Burke and others who were watching   online at the time not been interrupted, they would have heard Ms. Waters mention Russia and   Donald J. Trump several times before she ended her turn on the floor. In a phone interview Thursday, she was perplexed. She said no one had satisfactorily explained “how this happened or why it happened, or if it’s happened before. ” “I just think it’s strange,” Ms. Waters said. “At a time when our intelligence agencies are very confident and basically have confirmed that Russia hacked the D. N. C. and other political interests, and then we have, while I’m on the floor of the House, talking about Trump and Russia, I get interfered with and interrupted by Russia Today. ” “It’s strange. It’s odd,” she said."
276,17594,"In Iowa, Trump Voters Are Unfazed by Controversies - The New York Times",New York Times,Trip Gabriel,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"MONTICELLO, Iowa  —   The Table of Knowledge was delving into   Donald J. Trump’s plans to upend government, and marveling at how he had forced his fellow Republicans in the House to reverse themselves on gutting the Office of Congressional Ethics. “He’s getting responses things are happening,” Jerry Retzlaff, a retiree, said. “He got Congress to turn themselves around with one tweet. ” “There’s no secret the press doesn’t like him, and neither does a lot of the leadership,” he added. “And that’s because he’s planning on making a lot of changes. ” The eight men around a rectangular table, sipping coffee from a hodgepodge of mugs donated by customers, meet daily for breakfasts of French toast, eggs and bacon at Darrell’s diner, all while solving the world’s problems, hence their gathering’s nickname. Washington may be veering from one Trump   controversy to another: unproved reports of Russia’s holding embarrassing information against him, possible ethical conflicts, the donors and billionaires of his cabinet, his pushback against intelligence findings on Russian hacking in the election. But there does not seem to be much angst in Iowa among those who voted for Mr. Trump, including some Democrats and independents. Monticello, in rural eastern Iowa, is as close as any place to the epicenter of the political quake that made Mr. Trump president. The state’s longstanding reputation as a political bellwether had led The New York Times to move me to Iowa for a full year ahead of its presidential caucuses in early 2016. I had not returned since. In the intervening year, Iowa gave  Mr. Trump his largest triumph of any battleground state: a    reversal over President Obama’s easy victory here in 2012. Al Ameling, 58, a technical analyst who lives in Marble Rock, near the Minnesota border, is representative of the profound demographic shift among white rural voters in the northern Midwest that helped produce Mr. Trump’s stunning upset. Mr. Ameling voted for Mr. Obama in 2008, sat out in 2012 and enthusiastically backed Mr. Trump. Nothing he has heard since Election Day has shaken his support, including reports this week that American intelligence agencies are investigating unverified accounts of meetings between Trump aides and Russian officials, as well as sex tapes purportedly made of Mr. Trump in Moscow. On Wednesday, Mr. Trump called the allegations completely false. “The way it is nowadays, unless I see positive proof, it’s all a lie,” Mr. Ameling said in a telephone interview on Wednesday. He added he was more concerned that government officials might have leaked the material to the news media. “I don’t know if it was classified, but if it was, whoever leaked it needs to go to jail,” he said. “We need law and order back in this country. ” I headed to Monticello because it was the site of Hillary Clinton’s first campaign stop after declaring her candidacy for the Democratic nomination in 2015. When she rolled up in her black van, a pack of journalists took off at a run, myself included, an enduringly silly image. Mrs. Clinton rarely returned to the state in the general election campaign, giving it up as all but lost. Jones County, which includes Monticello, is the birthplace of the painter Grant Wood, and where older men still wear the style of pinstriped overalls in his “American Gothic. ” It is a beautiful place, with bald eagles soaring over wintry farm fields. Mr. Trump carried the county by 20 percentage points Mr. Obama easily won there four years earlier. At Darrell’s, there are actually two Tables of Knowledge, one favored by Democrats and the other by Republicans. Among them are an optometrist, farmers and former employees of a utility company. I asked if there was anyone who had voted for Mr. Trump after having previously supported Mr. Obama. “Yeah, there is, but they won’t tell you,” said Mr. Retzlaff, an outspoken conservative who usually chooses to sit with the liberals. Mel Manternach, a retired farmer, said many farmers who had once voted for Mr. Obama switched to Mr. Trump, which he found perplexing. “Trump was against T. P. P. which would help exports of ag commodities,” he said, referring to the   Partnership, a   deal. “They voted against their own  . ” The Iowans I interviewed largely went about their lives outside the political hothouse of social media. They did not follow    developments of the presidential transition. Indeed, on Wednesday, several were unfamiliar with the reports that Russia was holding compromising information on the   which Mr. Trump addressed in a news conference. Many were hazy on specific policy details about how, say, House Republicans were seeking to replace Medicare with a voucher system. These voters feared an outbreak of   terrorist attacks by Muslims in the United States, maybe in their own communities. And overwhelmingly, Trump supporters did not want their   money redistributed to people they regarded as undeserving. A year ago, I shadowed a Clinton   in Newton, a small city in central Iowa that has struggled since Maytag closed a washing machine plant. Jeff McKibben, one of the   workers, traded down for work at a prison. Once a “straight Democrat,” as he called himself, he refused to commit at the time to support Mrs. Clinton. Contacted recently, he did not want to say how he voted, although Jasper County, which includes Newton, was one of the more than 30 Iowa counties that swung to Mr. Trump from Mr. Obama. “Maybe it’s time to have some change,” Mr. McKibben allowed. “I saw neighbors I knew were strong union people with Trump signs in their yards. ” The story was the same in Des Moines County, in southeastern Iowa. The local Democratic Party chairwoman, Sandy Dockendorff, knew there was trouble when she saw a Trump sign in the yard of an electrician who had always supported Democrats. “When I called him,” Ms. Dockendorff explained last month to a group of demoralized activists at a United Steelworkers union hall, “he said, ‘You stopped talking my language you don’t care about jobs.’ ” In an interview, Ms. Dockendorff, who is running for chairwoman of the state Democratic Party, said rural Iowans were critical of Democrats for opposing   projects like oil pipelines while running a presidential campaign focused narrowly on Mr. Trump’s shortcomings. “It was all about making fun of Donald Trump  —   he would never be president and how horrible it would be,” she said. But “the only one talking about jobs was Trump,” Ms. Dockendorff added. At a Des Moines County diner in Burlington, a small city on the Mississippi River, Melissa Ell, a waitress, said she had voted for Mr. Obama in 2012. But this Election Day, she stayed home. “I didn’t want to vote for either one of them, to be honest,” she said. Ms. Ell, 46, earns a base wage of $6. 50 an hour at Jerry’s Main Lunch, a   restaurant across from the Burlington Northern Railroad tracks. As she bused a table, Ms. Ell commiserated with Jackie Furman about those who take advantage of government aid. “I think they should be   if they’re on welfare,” Ms. Ell said. “The welfare system needs to be reorganized,” agreed Ms. Furman, a retired commercial bakery manager, complaining that “Chicago people” were moving to Burlington to receive higher benefits and bringing crime. Ms. Furman, 70, said, “I’m ashamed to say we caucused for Obama” in 2008. “My view is he purposely got into the presidency so he could ruin America. ” There are contrary views. On Washington Street in Burlington, I expected Post 10102 of the Veterans of Foreign Wars to be a bastion of support for the   who had promised repeatedly to “take care of the vets. ” But there was deep skepticism. “Forget about me,” Dan Meade, a Navy veteran, said. “What’s going to happen to our kids, our grandkids? I think the guy’s nuts. ” He and three others sipped $1. 50 draft beers from plastic cups. They sarcastically echoed notable Trump lines from the campaign trail. “He knows more than the generals he doesn’t like prisoners of war,” Dan Warren, an Army veteran, said. “When Trump was running for office he said he’d run the country like he runs his companies,” Fran Boyle, who served in the Navy, chimed in. “Which one of his bankrupt companies is he going to run it like?” Still, Trump voters in the state say they are hoping for the best. Mike Staudt, a retired farmer from Marble Rock, voted for Mr. Obama in 2012, but called the Affordable Care Act a form of socialism. He said he had no problem with a candidate who had run as the voice of the working people but was stocking his cabinet with the ultrawealthy. “I know these guys are really rich,” he said. “They may have pulled off a few plays that weren’t exactly on the    but they all had to be pretty smart to be billionaires. If they replace their own concerns with the concerns of the country, they can make things really move forward. That’s what I’m excited about. ”"
277,17595,10 Key Moments From Thursday’s Trump Nominee Hearings - The New York Times,New York Times,"Helene Cooper, Matthew Rosenberg and Yamiche Alcindor",2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"On the third day of confirmation hearings on Capitol Hill, there was one emerging theme: Many of the nominees of   Donald J. Trump have disagreements with him on policy. There were serious questions, efforts at diversion with humor, and   statements by senators. Overall, though, none of the nominees made any major mistakes, and one of them, James N. Mattis, a retired Marine Corps general, was approved as Mr. Trump’s choice for defense secretary by the Senate Armed Services Committee, 24 to 3. Fun fact: He doesn’t care for the nickname “Mad Dog. ” ■ Mr. Mattis diverged sharply from his prospective boss on Russia, calling Moscow one of the top threats to the   world order. “I’m all for engagement,” Mr. Mattis said, “but we also have to recognize reality in terms of what Russia is up to. ” ■ Mr. Mattis also put daylight between himself and Mr. Trump on NATO and indicated strong support for the alliance’s principle of collective defense. “My view is that nations with allies thrive, and nations without allies don’t,” Mr. Mattis said. ■ Mr. Mattis said he supported the Iran nuclear agreement, which Mr. Trump has repeatedly criticized. ■ And finally, he said that he had no intention of revisiting the Obama administration’s decisions on social issues at the Defense Department, like the opening of combat roles to women. ■ Representative Mike Pompeo, the Kansas Republican who is Mr. Trump’s nominee for director of the C. I. A. said the agency would pursue information about efforts by Russia to interfere with the American election, including any possible links to the Trump campaign. “I promise I will pursue the facts wherever they take us,” he said. ■ In a reversal, Mr. Pompeo said emphatically that he would not endorse torture, including coercive methods like waterboarding. Mr. Pompeo had previously said he did not believe waterboarding was torture, and that it was legal. ■ Mr. Pompeo signaled that he agreed with the assessment of United States intelligence agencies that Russian President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia tried to promote Mr. Trump’s candidacy and to undermine the presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton, describing the report that was delivered last week to Mr. Trump and President Obama as “sound. ” ■ Ben Carson’s confirmation hearing for secretary of housing and urban development was not attended by Mr. Trump. But Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, directed biting comments at the  . Ms. Warren, while accusing Mr. Trump of hiding his assets, repeatedly asked Mr. Carson if he would commit to keeping taxpayers’ dollars away from Trump businesses. ■ Mr. Carson successfully parried questions about whether someone who had gained acclaim as neurosurgeon was qualified to oversee the vast federal housing agency. Though he has no background in housing, he avoided any major stumbles. ■ Democrats seemed to take it a bit easy on Mr. Carson, with some talking about his young granddaughter attending and others questioning him without being too adversarial."
278,17596,Ben Carson Urges Ending Reliance on Welfare in Bid to Be Housing Chief - The New York Times,New York Times,Matt Flegenheimer and Yamiche Alcindor,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Ben Carson, the nominee for secretary of housing and urban development, presented himself on Thursday as a credible manager for a sprawling federal bureaucracy, navigating an unlikely transition from celebrated neurosurgeon and genial conservative presidential candidate to the steward of American housing policy. At a Senate confirmation hearing, Mr. Carson, 65, strained at times to square his past remarks on the dangers of federal assistance  —   he once called poverty “really more of a choice than anything else”  —   with the mission of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, an agency with a $47 billion budget and a mandate to help millions of   renters and struggling homeowners. Forgoing many specifics, he laid out a vision of a more “holistic” approach: recruiting private sector dollars and seeking to end what he called a cycle of “generation after generation of people living in dependent situations. ” “Safety net programs are important. I would never advocate abolishing them without having an alternative for people to follow,” he said, adding that “some have distorted what I’ve said about government. ” Yet Americans had come to view HUD’s mission as “putting roofs over the heads of poor people,” Mr. Carson said. “It has the ability to be so much more than that. ” As with his presidential campaign, Mr. Carson leaned heavily on his own compelling biography, straying frequently from his prepared opening remarks as he spoke of life in an impoverished section of Detroit as the son of a single mother with a   education. He waded through several contentious moments, including some aimed at his prospective boss,   Donald J. Trump, and the specter of conflicts over HUD funding and Trump family business ventures. But Mr. Carson, who was prone to fits of spaciness and occasionally bewildering remarks as a candidate, appeared to avoid any major slips on Thursday. The tone of the proceedings diverged sharply from that of hearings this week for Rex W. Tillerson, Mr. Trump’s choice for secretary of state, and Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama and the selection for attorney general. Both men faced aggressive questioning from Democrats  —   and, in Mr. Tillerson’s case, from a Republican, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida. On Thursday, Mr. Rubio introduced Mr. Carson as a leader with “the values, the compassion and the character and the kind of drive that we need. ” Senators from both parties made warm reference to Mr. Carson’s granddaughter in attendance, who wore pink headphones during the testimony. They thanked him for his career in medicine. Even some of the more pointed questioners, like Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio, the ranking Democrat on the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs, were disarmed. “You remind me of Columbo,” Mr. Carson said at one point, to extended laughs. “I’ve actually heard that before,” Mr. Brown said. Still, there were sharp exchanges. Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, sought to pin Mr. Carson down on a simple question: “Can you assure me that not a single taxpayer dollar that you give out will financially benefit the   or his family?” Mr. Carson said he would be driven by morals. Ms. Warren cut him off, saying her specific concern was whether grants and loans could specifically benefit Mr. Trump. “It will not be my intention to do anything to benefit any American,” Mr. Carson said, becoming flustered for a moment before quickly clarifying that he wanted to use the department to help “all Americans. ” Ms. Warren called on Mr. Trump to establish a blind trust, accusing him of “hiding” his assets. Mr. Carson would not commit definitively to avoiding Trump businesses if confirmed. “If there happens to be an extraordinarily good program that’s working for millions of people and it turns out that someone that you’re targeting is going to gain $10 from it, am I going to say no?” Mr. Carson said. Later, he agreed to work with Mr. Brown to construct a system to identify properties tied both to the Trump family and the department. He committed to telling senators about the department’s dealings with any businesses owned by Mr. Trump or his relatives. More often, Mr. Carson sat patiently as lawmakers recited some of the most fraught comments of his public life. In one interaction, Senator Bob Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey, asked if Mr. Carson truly believed in HUD’s mission, given his trail of comments railing against government intervention. “I think the rental assistance program is essential,” Mr. Carson said, when pressed twice, “and what I have said if you’ve been reading my writings: It is cruel and unusual punishment to withdraw those programs before you provide an alternative. ” When asked about housing protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender citizens, Mr. Carson, a vocal opponent of   marriage, said he would “enforce all the laws of the land” if confirmed. But he expressed his personal opposition to any expression of what he called “extra rights” for certain groups. For Republicans, the hearing supplied an opportunity to pay tribute to a figure revered by the conservative base. Senator Thom Tillis, Republican of North Carolina, asked Mr. Carson what he thought was “the best possible thing we can do for someone on government assistance. ” “Get them off it,” Mr. Carson said."
279,17597,"As Trump Berates News Media, a New Strategy Is Needed to Cover Him - The New York Times",New York Times,Jim Rutenberg,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"Well, that sure escalated quickly. “That” was Donald J. Trump’s inaugural news conference as a duly elected United States    in which he called BuzzFeed a “failing pile of garbage,” dismissed CNN as “fake news” and more or less told the whole lot of reporters at Trump Tower to stuff it when it comes to his unreleased tax returns because everyday Americans don’t care and, anyway, “I won. ” There were two big lessons in the Wednesday morning melee. 1. Mr. Trump remains a master media manipulator who used his first news briefing since July to expertly delegitimize the news media and make it the story rather than the chaotic swirl of ethical questions that engulf his transition. 2. The news media remains an unwitting accomplice in its own diminishment as it fails to get a handle on how to cover this new and wholly unprecedented president. It better figure things out, fast, because it has found itself at the edge of the cliff. And our   (fingers crossed) democracy needs it to stay on the right side of the drop. Journalists should know this by now: Trump’s gonna Trump. But it’s time for them to take a page from the   playbook  —   accept the things they cannot change and then find the courage to change the things they can, in the right ways, not the wrong ways. Given Mr. Trump’s past behavior, there was hardly any doubt that he was going to kneecap his inquisitors on Wednesday. It’s a passion, after all, if not a strategic imperative. But BuzzFeed handed him the steel rod hours before, with its decision to publish an unvarnished dossier filled with unsubstantiated, compromising reports about Mr. Trump allegedly collected by Russian agents, presumably for blackmail purposes. BuzzFeed said it was “publishing the full document so that Americans can make up their own minds about allegations about the   that have circulated at the highest levels of the U. S. government. ” Ben Smith, the BuzzFeed editor in chief, wrote that “we have always erred on the side of publishing” and that “publishing this dossier reflects how we see the job of reporters in 2017. ” Mr. Smith’s stated rationale highlights the extent to which WikiLeaks and Gawker, which is now defunct, have changed the nature of journalism. Both have at times taken a “publish first, fill in the answers  —   or don’t  —   later” approach, but they held particular, outsider roles in the journalistic firmament. And both have run into great trouble because of their   styles, in Gawker’s case, fatally (if wrongfully). BuzzFeed, under Mr. Smith, has built up a fine traditional news team that has won journalism awards precisely because it succeeded in the ultimate purposes of its craft: to establish fact from fiction and enhance its readers’ understanding of reality. That’s the opposite of pumping out a bunch of unsubstantiated allegations and then leaving it to readers to “make up their own minds” about them with no reportorial guidance. You can argue that the dossier was going to get out there anyway. But it hadn’t until BuzzFeed published it, even though many news organizations, including this one, had the dossier for months. And had they leaked by some other means, it would be up to journalists to establish their veracity ignore them if possible, debunk them if necessary. That’s what BuzzFeed has done with its   reporting on the “fake news” phenomenon, helping to shine an early light on the false stories so many Americans were sharing on Facebook and other social media platforms throughout the campaign. But every journalistic misstep gives more fodder to people who want to stop the efforts against “fake news” by turning the tables and labeling those efforts  —   or any other solid journalism they don’t like  —   as “fake news” as well, corrupting the term for their own purposes (a classic case of “no, you are! ”). That’s what Mr. Trump did Wednesday morning. In calling BuzzFeed a “failing piece of garbage,” Mr. Trump gave it a cri de coeur. But there was collateral damage: Mr. Trump’s “fake news” charge against CNN, in front of many millions of Americans, went directly at the network’s core purpose as a global news provider. CNN drew Mr. Trump’s hostility by breaking the news on Tuesday that a former British spy had compiled the Russia dossier and that intelligence officials included a synopsis of it in briefing materials for the  . Once CNN opened the door, BuzzFeed followed by publishing the document itself. But as CNN pointed out, it did not share the details of the memos, and it did not even link to the BuzzFeed report, despite false claims to the contrary by Kellyanne Conway, Mr. Trump’s adviser. Its decision, the network said, was “vastly different than BuzzFeed’s decision to publish unsubstantiated memos. ” That, in turn, drew protest from Mr. Smith of BuzzFeed, who said he was “not going to participate in an attempt to divide the media against each other. ” And so, Mr. Trump won again, by succeeding in doing just that. It was all part of a show in which he used news organizations as props in their own lampooning while he played them off each other with labels of good and bad and selectively answered their policy questions. A united front would have given the reporters stronger footing. But that was woefully lacking when Mr. Trump shouted down Jim Acosta of CNN, who said Mr. Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, threatened to eject him. The other reporters in the room readily took Mr. Acosta’s place, happy to have their own questions answered. But they could be next. They’re going to have to decide how much they want to abide by Mr. Trump’s decision to selectively quarantine colleagues whose coverage he does not like. There is some precedent for doing the right thing here, from the early days of the Obama administration, when it questioned Fox News’s credentials as a “news organization. ” That was followed by an attempt by the Treasury Department to exclude Fox News from a round of interviews, which the rest of the news media resisted. Speaking in Fox News’s defense, Jake Tapper, then of ABC News, publicly criticized the administration for its effort to exclude “one of our sister organizations. ” So it was fitting that, later on Wednesday, Shepard Smith of Fox News got behind CNN. “It is our observation that its correspondents followed journalistic standards and that neither they nor any other journalists should be subjected to belittling and delegitimizing by the   of the United States,” he said on his program. (The same couldn’t be said for his colleague, the opinion host Sean Hannity  —   proudly “not a journalist”  —   who on Wednesday night celebrated the news briefing as “the single greatest beatdown of the   abusively biased mainstream media in the history of the country. ”) Mr. Acosta, interestingly, made history last spring by becoming the first American journalist to ask a question of a Cuban leader, Raúl Castro, since the earliest days of the Castro regime. It was a hopeful sign of a new day for press freedom in the restrictive communist country. His   with Mr. Trump, on the other hand, is a bad sign for press freedom at home. The news media can’t afford a backslide. It’s going to have to do its part to avoid one."
280,17598,Trump Shows How to Smother a Scandal: With a Bigger Story - The New York Times,New York Times,Brendan Nyhan,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"The bar for scandal in the Trump administration keeps being raised. Every week brings potentially damaging developments that in other contexts could have generated weekslong controversies. With so many competing stories, however, they are frequently ignored or forgotten. As a result, even negative coverage can sometimes benefit   Donald J. Trump by displacing potentially more damaging stories from the news agenda. For instance, many of Mr. Trump’s nominees for cabinet positions have faced relatively little scrutiny of their backgrounds or records. Many failed even to complete background checks before the start of Senate hearings, a break from decades of precedent. Or consider the case of Monica Crowley, an incoming National Security Agency aide found to have engaged in extensive plagiarism in her book (which Harper Collins pulled from the market) her Ph. D. dissertation and her Washington Times column. These developments have struggled to gain traction amid the many competing stories about Mr. Trump and his presidential transition, including Tuesday night’s release of unverified allegations against the  . Scandals need time and space to develop. When the news cycle is congested, potential scandals are deprived of attention, causing the media to move on to other stories and the political opposition to anticipate that any criticisms will probably have little effect. Many observers suspect that Mr. Trump seeks to exploit this dynamic by distracting the press and the public with stunts like meeting with Kanye West after delaying a news conference on conflicts of interest or tweeting about Meryl Streep before hearings to consider his nominees on Capitol Hill. It’s impossible to determine his motivations, of course, but the effect is often to divert attention from less flattering issues. On Wednesday, for instance, Mr. Trump’s   news conference on conflict of interest issues was scheduled on the same day as hearings for six nominees. (After Democrats accused Republicans of scheduling the hearings in part to exploit this dynamic and divert the news media’s attention, some were rescheduled.) History shows that potential scandals can easily be crowded off the news agenda by other events. During the chaotic    period, for instance, the focus on more important events kept Army Secretary Thomas White in office despite numerous questionable decisions. (The    surge in news continued all the way through the invasion of Iraq in early 2003, helping to insulate George W. Bush from fallout over the collapse of the Enron corporation and other matters Bush didn’t suffer a major scandal until Valerie Plame was outed as a C. I. A. officer that summer.) Another example came during the summer of 2009, when the death of Michael Jackson helped push the furor over the affair of the South Carolina governor, Mark Sanford, out of the news. By contrast, relatively slow news periods may increase the likelihood of a scandal’s developing, as with the travel habits of former White House Chief of Staff John H. Sununu in 1991, which became an issue in the months after the end of the first Persian Gulf war, and as with Chris Christie’s Bridgegate scandal in 2014. In an article published in The British Journal of Political Science, I provide quantitative evidence suggesting that competition from other news stories can prevent potential scandals from reaching critical mass. Using data from more than three decades of news media coverage of the president and the executive branch, I show that when the incidence of major disasters and tragedies causes an unexpected surge in news coverage, the likelihood of a new scandal developing and the intensity of scandal coverage both decrease significantly. (I find that a similar dynamic appears to apply to governors.) In this sense, the continuing reality show that Mr. Trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal. As in the campaign, he makes so much news every day that few stories ever generate sustained controversy. Instead, public attention lurches from one story to the next, never quite focusing on any particular controversy. He may prefer it that way."
281,17599,"Donald Trump, Rex Tillerson, Rodrigo Duterte: Your Morning Briefing - The New York Times",New York Times,Charles McDermid,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: • Serious disagreements emerged between   Donald J. Trump and some of his nominees in the third day of confirmation hearings. Mr. Trump’s choice for defense secretary, Gen. James N. Mattis, said Russia was trying to break NATO. Here’s where General Mattis stands on other issues. Rex W. Tillerson, the choice for secretary of state, faces a second round of questions  —   Wednesday, he called for China to be denied access to its artificial islands in the South China Sea. Follow our coverage of the hearings. _____ • The intrigue over a sensational but entirely unverified dossier on Mr. Trump’s ties to Russia deepened. The   who compiled the information disappeared from his home in Britain, saying he feared for his safety. Mr. Trump discussed the dossier with James R. Clapper Jr. the director of national intelligence. They had radically different takeaways from the conversation. And the Justice Department said it would investigate the decision by James B. Comey, above, the F. B. I. chief, to inform Congress about a new review in the Hillary Clinton email investigation ahead of the election. _____ • Prosecutors in South Korea are planning to use revelations about a cultural blacklist to strengthen the impeachment charges against President Park  . So far, two versions of the blacklist have been reported by the news media, citing anonymous sources. One version listed more than 9, 000 people, including some of the country’s most beloved filmmakers, actors and writers. Above, Hong   one of the artists who was reportedly blacklisted. _____ • Japan’s prime minister, Shinzo Abe, ended a   visit with President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines in which he promised the country about $8. 7 billion worth of business deals, investments and equipment. Mr. Abe is on   diplomatic push that will continue with stops in Australia, Indonesia and Vietnam. Separately, Mr. Duterte ordered government agencies to provide free contraception to women, especially the poor, in a move that is likely to face strong resistance from Catholic leadership in the country. Above, protesters in the Philippines. _____ • And we look at Aceh Province, Indonesia, which began enforcing Shariah law in 2001. Women are required to wear head scarves, alcohol is prohibited and many offenses are punishable by public whipping. The   nation has drifted in a conservative direction, but one Aceh politician says that “a silent majority” thinks the local government has gone too far. In the country’s capital, Jakarta, three candidates vying to be governor of the city will meet for a televised debate tonight. The incumbent, a Christian, is on trial over charges that he insulted the Quran. _____ • India’s largest conglomerate, the Tata Group, named Natarajan Chandrasekaran, 53, to be chairman of its holding company, Tata Sons, ending months of turmoil. • Health care stocks tumbled after Mr. Trump denounced pharmaceutical companies for shifting manufacturing abroad. But many of the imports are generic drugs  —   a large percentage of which are manufactured in India  —   that help keep costs down. • The Environmental Protection Agency accused Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions tests on at least 104, 000 diesel vehicles, a case with echoes of the Volkswagen scandal. • Vietnam’s industrial policy will take a hit if Mr. Trump follows through on his pledge to scrap the   Partnership, but companies have their own plans for going global. • U. S. stocks were down. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • President Obama will end the policy that allows Cubans who reach U. S. soil to stay legally, a move long sought by the Cuban government. Above, Mr. Obama in March last year. [The New York Times] • Hong Kong’s chief secretary, Carrie Lam, leaves her post today. She submitted her resignation and, if approved, will run for chief executive. [Hong Kong Free Press] • President Xi Jinping of China called for “greater coordination” on South China Sea disputes in a meeting with Nguyen Phu Trong, the general secretary of Vietnam’s ruling party. Mr. Xi is headed to Switzerland on Sunday. [South China Morning Post] • In Bangladesh, a popular restaurant in Dhaka’s diplomatic quarter reopened after a terrorist attack in July that killed 22 people. [The New York Times] • Wilbur Ross, the billionaire chosen by Mr. Trump to manage trade with China, once volunteered to be part of project by a famous Chinese artist. [South China Morning Post] • “Star Wars” was the inspiration for the common name scientists gave to the world’s newest primate  —   the Skywalker hoolock gibbon  —   which was discovered in the Chinese province of Yunnan. [BBC] (In this new section, we’ll help you start your day right.) • We’re not saying you will need this tomorrow, we’re simply presenting it for your consideration: Here’s how to nurse a hangover (and how to head one off). Have a great weekend! • An inspiring story of weight loss and its aftermath: Brooklyn’s borough president reversed his Type 2 diabetes through diet and exercise, without taking medication. • Recipe of the day: Give baked sweet potato fries a shot. • Portraits of addiction. A photographer spent a year traveling in Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Myanmar and the Philippines to explore the region’s underworld of “ice,” or crystal methamphetamine. • In an opinion column, a nuclear scientist argues that the Trump administration should   links of communication with North Korea to avoid a nuclear catastrophe. • “The Handmaiden,” an erotic period drama from South Korea, earned six nominations for the Asian Film Awards. Here’s the full list. If you’re superstitious, today isn’t your day. But Friday the 13th isn’t universally feared. Many countries disregard it. In Greece and some   countries, Tuesday the 13th is the dreaded day. It’s Friday the 17th in Italy. The number four is unlucky in parts of Asia  —   its pronunciation in several languages is close to the word “death,” making April 4 ( ) a day to stay inside. A   a cute charm showing a cat with a raised paw, is used to ward off the bad luck. Other animals believed to combat bad omens include pigs. In Germany, marzipan pigs are given as gifts on New Year’s Eve. And if a cricket is chirping in your house, don’t kill it. Across Asia, Africa and Europe, the insects are viewed as harbingers of wealth. Magpies have great significance in Britain. Seeing a single magpie can be bad luck, it is believed, though saluting one can ward off ill fortune. But if you spot a group, you may be in luck, according to an old nursery rhyme that goes: _____ Des Shoe contributed reporting. Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com."
282,17600,Obama Ends Exemption for Cubans Who Arrive Without Visas - The New York Times,New York Times,Julie Hirschfeld Davis and Frances Robles,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   President Obama said Thursday that he was terminating the    policy that has allowed Cubans who arrived on United States soil without visas to remain in the country and gain legal residency, an unexpected move long sought by the Cuban government. “Effective immediately, Cuban nationals who attempt to enter the United States illegally and do not qualify for humanitarian relief will be subject to removal, consistent with U. S. law and enforcement priorities,” Mr. Obama said in a statement. “By taking this step, we are treating Cuban migrants the same way we treat migrants from other countries. ” The move places a finishing touch on Mr. Obama’s efforts as president to end a   of hostility between the United States and Cuba and to establish normalized relations and diplomatic ties with a government American presidents have long sought to isolate and punish. The action came through a new Department of Homeland Security regulation and a deal with the Cuban government, which Mr. Obama said had agreed to accept the return of its citizens. “What we’ve agreed to is that the past is past, and the future will be different,” said Jeh Johnson, the Homeland Security secretary. “This is us repealing a policy unique to Cuba given the nature of the relationship 20 years ago, which is very different right now. ” The   “wet foot, dry foot” policy, which dates to 1995, owes its name to its unusual rules, which require Cubans caught trying to reach the United States by sea to return home, yet allow those who make it onto American soil to stay and eventually apply for legal, permanent residency. It was one way in which the United States tried to weaken Fidel Castro’s government, by welcoming tens of thousands of Cubans fleeing repression. In recent years, however, it has become a magnet for economic refugees, enticing many Cubans to make a perilous journey to the United States, where they enjoy a status unlike migrants from any other country. “The exceptionalism of the ‘wet foot, dry foot’ policy toward Cuba is a relic of the Cold War, and this decision by the administration is really its final effort to normalize an area of interaction between Cuba and the United States, migration, that is clearly in need of normalization,” said Peter Kornbluh, a   of “Back Channel to Cuba,” which recounts the secret negotiations between the United States and Cuban governments that forged the policy. But the change drew sharp criticism from opponents of Mr. Obama’s move to thaw United States relations with Cuba, who argued it would reward dictators in Cuba, ignoring their human rights abuses. “Today’s announcement will only serve to tighten the noose the Castro regime continues to have around the neck of its own people,” Senator Robert Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey, said in a statement. He said Congress had not been consulted on the move, and he added, “The Obama administration seeks to pursue engagement with the Castro regime at the cost of ignoring the present state of torture and oppression, and its systematic curtailment of freedom. ” Benjamin J. Rhodes, the deputy national security adviser, who led clandestine negotiations that produced the 2014 opening, said most Cubans who came to the United States in the past “absolutely had to leave” Cuba “for political purposes. ” Now, he said, the flow is largely of people seeking greater economic opportunity. Ending the policy, he added, is a reflection of Mr. Obama’s view that, ultimately, the rise of a new generation of Cubans pressing for change in their own country is vital to bringing about change there. “It’s important that Cuba continue to have a young, dynamic population that are agents of change,” Mr. Rhodes said. Jorge Mas, the chairman of the Cuban American National Foundation, said the changes would force Cuba’s leaders to be more responsive to their citizens. “People may be initially upset at not being able to have this way of getting out of Cuba, but ultimately, the solution for Cuba is people fighting for change in Cuba,” Mr. Mas said. The change in policy essentially guts the Cuban Adjustment Act of 1966, which assumed that Cubans were political refugees who needed protection and allowed those who remained in the United States for more than a year to become legal residents. Obama administration officials urged Congress on Thursday to repeal the measure, but in the interim, by eliminating the policy that automatically afforded parole to Cubans arriving in the United States, they have essentially denied Cuban migrants the opportunity to take advantage of its benefits. Cuba, likewise, still has a law in place that denies   to migrants once they have been gone for four years or more Mr. Rhodes said officials in Havana have pledged to repeal it once the United States Congress scraps the Cuban Adjustment Act. Cubans who believe they will be persecuted if they return home will still be permitted to apply for political asylum when they reach the United States. According to the agreement, which was signed on Thursday in Havana, the Cuban government said it would accept 2, 746 people who fled in the Mariel boatlift of 1980 back into the country, and consider accepting back others on a    basis. The Obama administration also eliminated the Cuban Medical Parole program, in which Cuban medical professionals stationed in international missions could defect and get   visas to the United States. Obama administration officials had initially said they were not planning to change the policy after efforts to normalize relations with Cuba. But the thaw prompted speculation that once diplomatic relations resumed  —   as they did in 2015  —   the arrangement would end. On Thursday, the officials said they had deliberately played down talk of revising the policy for fear of setting off an even larger exodus from the island nation. The number of Cubans trying to arrive by sea surged after the United States and Cuba announced the decision to restore diplomatic relations in 2014. In the 2014 fiscal year, almost 4, 000 Cubans either landed or were caught. Two years later, the number shot up to 7, 411, according to the Coast Guard. The number of Cubans who have since begun to arrive in the United States by land has also soared in recent years. The number of Cubans who arrived at the Southwest border has increased more than fivefold since 2009. Last year, almost 55, 000 Cubans arrived nationwide, the Department of Homeland Security said. Kevin Appleby of the Center for Migration Studies of New York praised the specific change, while questioning the broader rules covering asylum. “The good news is that it ensures equal treatment between Cubans and   from other nations,” he said. “The bad news is that our asylum system is broken and does not afford adequate due process and protection to those who need it. ” Phil Peters, president of the Cuba Research Center, said that the number of Cubans entering the United States is actually much higher because tens of thousands more overstay their visitor visas and still others migrate legally. “This is a favor to Trump because it’s a tough measure to take, but it’s the right measure to take,” Mr. Peters said. “These are economic migrants coming here that, unlike any other nationality, get a big package of government benefits without any justification. ” There was a mixed reaction among Cubans in Havana to news of the sudden change in policy. Some said they felt its repeal was long overdue. Others thought the impact would be widely felt among Cubans still hoping to leave their island. Michel, 33, who declined to give his last name for fear of running afoul of the government, said he tried to escape on a makeshift boat in the early 2000s, but the vessel broke down halfway to the Florida Keys. Since then, he has given up on his desire to move to the United States. But he knows many Cubans who still hope to leave and who would be devastated by the change in policy. “This is going to make a lot of people’s lives very hard,” he said. Alberto Herrero, 58, a high school biology teacher, applauded the move by the Obama administration, saying the previous regulation was “an unfair law. It’s unfair to the rest of the world’s people, especially those in Latin America. ” “It’s exclusive to us, and that’s not fair to the world,” he said, adding that he hoped the removal of the policy was a signal of a   of other outdated measures taken by the Americans against Cuba. “Maybe other restrictions will be lifted, like the embargo,” he added."
283,17601,Senate Takes Major Step Toward Repealing Health Care Law - The New York Times,New York Times,Thomas Kaplan and Robert Pear,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Senate Republicans took their first major step toward repealing the Affordable Care Act on Thursday, approving a budget blueprint that would allow them to gut the health care law without the threat of a Democratic filibuster. The vote was 51 to 48. During the roll call, Democrats staged a highly unusual protest on the Senate floor to express their dismay and anger at the prospect that millions of Americans could lose health insurance coverage. One by one, Democrats rose to voice their objections. Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington said that Republicans were “stealing health care from Americans. ” Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon said he was voting no “because health care should not just be for the healthy and wealthy. ” The presiding officer, Senator Cory Gardner, Republican of Colorado, repeatedly banged his gavel and said the Democrats were out of order because “debate is not allowed during a vote. ” The final vote, which ended just before 1:30 a. m. followed a marathon session in which senators took    roll call votes on numerous amendments, an arduous exercise known as a   . The approval of the budget blueprint, coming even before   Donald J. Trump is inaugurated, shows the speed with which Republican leaders are moving to fulfill their promise to repeal President Obama’s signature domestic policy achievement  —   a goal they believe can now be accomplished after Mr. Trump’s election. The action by the Senate is essentially procedural, setting the stage for a special kind of legislation called a reconciliation bill. Such a bill can be used to repeal significant parts of the health law and, critically, is immune from being filibustered. Congress appears to be at least weeks away from voting on legislation repealing the law. Republicans say the 2016 elections gave them a mandate to roll back the health care law. “The Obamacare bridge is collapsing, and we’re sending in a rescue team,” said Senator Michael B. Enzi, Republican of Wyoming and the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee. “Then we’ll build new bridges to better health care, and finally, when these new bridges are finished, we’ll close the old bridge. ” Republican leaders say they will work closely with Mr. Trump developing legislation to repeal and replace the health care law, but it is unclear exactly how his team will participate in that effort. On Wednesday, Mr. Trump said he would offer his own plan to repeal and replace the law “essentially simultaneously. ” He said he would put forth the plan as soon as his nominee for secretary of health and human services, Representative Tom Price, Republican of Georgia, is confirmed. The Affordable Care Act has become ingrained in the American health care system, and unwinding it will be a formidable challenge for Republicans. More than 20 million people have gained coverage under the law, though premiums have risen sharply in many states and some insurers have fled the law’s health exchanges. The budget blueprint instructs House and Senate committees to come up with repeal legislation by Jan. 27. Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee, and four other Republicans had sought to extend that deadline by five weeks, to March 3. But late Wednesday night, Mr. Corker withdrew an amendment that would have changed the date. “We understand that everyone here understands the importance of doing it right,” he said. He described the Jan. 27 date in the budget blueprint as a placeholder. Senator Rob Portman of Ohio, another Republican who sought to delay the deadline, said: “This date is not a date that is set in stone. In fact, it is the earliest we could do it. But it could take longer, and we believe that it might. ” The House was planning to take up the budget blueprint once the Senate approved it, though some House Republicans have expressed discomfort with voting on the blueprint this week because of lingering questions over how and when the health care law would be replaced. A vote on the measure in the House could come on Friday. In its lengthy series of votes, the Senate rejected amendments proposed by Democrats that were intended to allow imports of prescription drugs from Canada, protect rural hospitals and ensure continued access to coverage for people with   conditions, among other causes. In the parlance of Capitol Hill, many of the Democrats’ proposals were “messaging amendments,” intended to put Republicans on record as opposing popular provisions of the Affordable Care Act. The budget blueprint is for the guidance of Congress it is not presented to the president for a signature or veto and does not become law. As the Senate plowed through its work on Wednesday, Republicans explained why they were determined to dismantle the health care law, and they tried to assuage concerns about the future of coverage for millions of Americans. “This is our opportunity to keep our campaign promise,” said Senator Roger Wicker, Republican of Mississippi. “This is our opportunity to help the   and the vice   keep their campaign promises and show to the American people that elections have consequences. ” Senator Johnny Isakson, Republican of Georgia, said that while working to repeal the health care law, “we must also talk about what we replace it with, because repealing it without a replacement is an unacceptable solution. ” Republicans do not have an agreement even among themselves on the content of legislation to replace the Affordable Care Act, the timetable for votes on such legislation or its effective date. Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, said on Wednesday that she agreed with Mr. Trump that Congress should repeal the health law and adopt a replacement plan at about the same time. “But I don’t see any possibility of our being able to come up with a comprehensive reform bill that would replace Obamacare by the end of this month,” she said. “I just don’t see that as being feasible. ” (Ms. Collins also supported pushing back the deadline to come up with repeal legislation.) As Republicans pursue repealing the law, Democrats contend that Republicans are trying to rip insurance away from millions of Americans with no idea of what to do next. The Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, called the Republicans’ repeal plan “irresponsible and rushed” and urged them to halt their push to unravel the law. “Don’t put chaos in place of affordable care,” he said."
284,17602,Why Trump’s Obamacare Promise Will Be So Hard to Keep - The New York Times,New York Times,Margot Sanger-Katz,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"As a candidate back in July 2015, Donald J. Trump promised that he would repeal Obamacare and replace it with “something terrific. ” The Senate voted, 51 to 48, on Thursday morning for a measure setting Congress on the path toward repealing President Obama’s health care law, and Mr. Trump is now a few days from taking office. The public, however, knows little more about his proposal than it did in 2015. In comments to The New York Times on Tuesday and in his news conference on Wednesday, Mr. Trump described when a Republican health reform bill would be released  —   “very quickly. ” But he has yet to give details about the policies it would contain. “We’re going to have a health care that is far less expensive and far better,” he said Wednesday. Mr. Trump accurately describes problems with the current health care system for Americans under 65: “You have deductibles that are so high, that after people go broke paying their premiums which are going through the roof, the health care can’t even be used by them because their deductibles bills are so high. ” Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, and House Speaker Paul Ryan have also spoken forcefully in recent days about how health care is too expensive. Premiums for health insurance plans in the United States are high. And increasing deductibles can make needed coverage a financial stretch even for the insured. Recent polling from the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation suggests that the public agrees with Mr. Trump’s assessment: High    spending on health care is Americans’ No. 1 health care concern. (Mr. Trump has promised that he will not make major changes to Medicare, the program for Americans 65 and older.) But solving those problems is not as easy as identifying them. The real reason health care premiums and deductibles are so high is that medical care is very expensive in the United States  —   far more costly than it is anywhere else in the world. The United States pays very high prices to doctors and hospitals and drug and device makers, and Americans use a lot of that expensive medical care. That means that the country spent far more on health care than its peers even when tens of millions of Americans lacked health coverage. Obamacare has been successful in getting health insurance to people who lacked it before. About 20 million more Americans had insurance last year than before the law passed, according to an Obama administration estimate. But the health law, largely focused on health insurance regulation, did not drive down the cost of medical treatments. Health care, and health insurance, continues to be expensive. That means that a Republican health reform plan that is both cheaper and better than Obamacare will be hard to deliver. Republicans in Congress and   think tanks have put together a number of possible Obamacare replacement plans. They are all slightly different, and it is unclear which one Mr. Trump and congressional leaders will choose. But none of them solve both sides of the “less expensive and far better” equation. Most of the G. O. P. plans manage to be less expensive for the federal government  —   by offering stingier federal payments in helping people buy insurance and allowing the coverage people buy to be skimpier. But those proposals will tend to increase, not decrease, the amount many Americans spend on their health care.   people will end up paying a larger share of their income to buy coverage than they do under Obamacare. Deductibles and other forms of    spending, capped under Obamacare, will tend to rise in many plans. Millions to tens of millions fewer Americans will have coverage under such plans, according to independent estimates. Republicans also want to pare back the minimum package of benefits that plans must cover, which will drive up costs substantially for some patients, while reducing them for others. If the bill eliminates requirements to pay for maternity care or prescription drugs, for example, that could lower the sticker price of a health plan, but will make health care much more expensive for anyone who has a baby or takes medication. There will be people who will be better off under a Republican plan.   healthy people who buy their own insurance have been the most disadvantaged group under Obamacare, and their fortunes would improve. The Republican plans, with their skimpier benefits, and more generous tax assistance for the wealthy, would offer them a better deal. The G. O. P. plans tend to be worse for people who need insurance and are poor or have major health problems. (Some sick people may be far worse off. Mr. Trump has promised that people with   health conditions will be covered under his plan, but not all the Republican plans offer them the kind of coverage that they can get under Obamacare.) The Affordable Care Act is a case study in these  . Most of the things its creators did to try to make health insurance “far better,” like requiring minimum benefits or banning lifetime coverage limits, also made it more expensive. The things they did to make insurance “less expensive,” like encouraging higher deductibles or requiring all Americans to buy health insurance or pay a fine, are top   talking points. The consensus Democratic approach to making Obamacare “far better” has been to make it more expensive for the federal government, but less expensive for individuals. Proposals circulated by President Obama and Hillary Clinton would involve more federal spending on subsidies to help make insurance more affordable for more people, but at the expense of higher taxes. So far, the Republican plans have tended to engage in the same   but tilt in the opposite direction, emphasizing government savings over program generosity. The recent statements from Mr. Trump suggest that the coming replacement plan  —   promised in the next few weeks  —   will be able to achieve both goals simultaneously. Mr. Trump has provided almost no detail about what will be in it."
285,17603,Living in Andy Cohen’s America - The New York Times,New York Times,Taffy Brodesser-Akner,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"The Season 7 “Real Housewives of New Jersey” reunion show took place in October in a theater in Westbury, N. Y. An elaborate    thing had been constructed on a stage that would soon seat the five Housewives, complete with a   rug and zebra chairs, everything sparkling, everything  . The set was erected so specifically and thoroughly that it included a kitchen in the back, unusable but complete, that you could see only a fraction of, and a fireplace that the cameras would never pick up. “That’s not a real fireplace?” I asked a production assistant, who answered, “It’s not not real. ” The five contracted Housewives arrived on Long Island the night before for this   reckoning of the season’s tensions, equal parts State of the State panel discussion and   of every lunchtime confrontation that occurred at my   high school. The Housewives were shuttled in black S. U. V.s under the cover of darkness to a hotel more than two hours from where they live, in order to “throw off the scent to the press,” a publicist told me, though “scent” is a strange word choice here because anyone with a nose could have    the place from the sheer concentration of applied Shalimar. But there was good reason for the secrecy. Leaks from these reunion shows have been rampant, and after a previous one, Andy Cohen, the   mediator and the franchise creator (or as he says, “the person who gets credit for creating the franchise” when, really, a lot of other people were involved) realized that the leaks might be coming from the hair and makeup teams, who watch the live feed from a holding room. He told the producers to cut the audio to those dressing rooms. Since then, the integrity of his reunion show  —   if, again, “integrity” is the right word to describe the absolute ravaging of women by their former, current and future friends, accusing one another of everything from having had more than their admitted amount of plastic surgery to being an actual F. B. I. snitch  —   has been intact. The only leaks would be coming from Cohen, and they’d come when he decided they would come. Cohen prepared himself in a sunny, makeshift dressing room on the first floor, standing shirtless as he tried to choose a tie for the    —   yes, that’s    —   taping. His voice was a hoarse whisper, stubbornly projected through sheer will from deep behind his sternum. He had just come from disseminating his Andyness throughout the country on a speaking tour with his friend Anderson Cooper, in which both men told stories from their personal lives and drank Fresquilas on stage. There were a few    appearances for his coming book tour for “Superficial: More Adventures From the Andy Cohen Diaries. ” He had been talking for hours on his weekly radio shows (plural) as well as negotiating and announcing his new book imprint, Andy Cohen Books. He had been hosting his nightly live talk show on Bravo, “Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen. ” And of course, he continued to   the “Real Housewives” franchise, watching cuts of each episode for all seven cities, giving notes, hiring, firing, reconsidering and fielding    text messages from the stars of those shows, sometimes replying purely with emoji. I told him that the Housewives, who were waiting for the taping to begin, seemed nervous. “A lot of them view me as kind of their daddy in some weird, sick way, and their boss, and their friend, and their boyfriend, and their enemy  —   and so there’s a lot of different psychological layers happening in a situation like this,” he replied. “Some of them are volatile women. So it’s all real. It’s all real. ” Below the street, in their dressing rooms, the Housewives breathed through the tension. They had lived their reality on camera and watched the results. They had heard their Housewife colleagues talk about their behavior in   interviews. And they had built within themselves a caldron of anger, resentment and oh, yeah? s to what they had seen. So as not to dilute their fury, so as not to lose one moment of heat for the cameras, the publicists brought them to me separately through secured hallways, like Hannibal Lecter on his gurney. Teresa Giudice, who wore a satin evening gown and body shimmer (it was 8 a. m.) told me she used to be nervous about confronting certain cast members at these reunions, but now, since serving a prison term for fraud in 2015, which she continually refers to as “the time I went away,” she’s fine she’s ready for her day in court or whatever this is for her. She used to resent Cohen, because she thought he was hardest on her, but now she takes a more nuanced view. “I think he’s an amazing guy,” she said. “If he was straight, I definitely would date him. ” Jacqueline Laurita, who was Teresa’s best friend but has now replaced Melissa Gorga as Teresa’s sworn enemy for life, admitted that she was expecting a blood bath. “Yeah, it feels like you’re walking to the electric chair” is how she put it. She knew she would be held accountable for crimes that included calling Teresa a “criminal” and accusing Teresa’s allies of being her “soldiers. ” Jacqueline knew she just had to endure it. She has stopped trying to game Cohen at these things. “He greets you with a smile, and he has a way about him, and he makes you feel comfortable talking about things, and he can pull the best and the worst out of you with a smile on his face. ” She agreed that the best way to think of Cohen is the way you think of Jesus. You pray to him for blessings  —   to get more airtime, to get a rival off the show  —   but like Jesus himself, he answers prayers only sometimes. In his sunny dressing room up above, I asked Cohen how he’d feel if, like the Housewives, he were about to be confronted by everyone he’d interacted with this year. “I’m not on a reality show about my life” was his answer. It annoys him, this implication that what he’s doing is somehow cruel to the women who have signed up for it. But don’t you feel bad for them? I wanted to know. He shook his head, the way he would every time I didn’t get it. These women, who were once housewives, real housewives, are now businesswomen. Teresa Giudice is a   New York Times   author. Melissa Gorga has a successful clothing store. Jacqueline Laurita now has a platform to talk about her son’s autism and for her husband to sell a   brand called the Little Kernel. “I’m in a business relationship with these women,” he said. “They know what they’re doing. ” He put on his shirt and picked the striped tie. Walking out, he was intercepted by Kathleen French, a senior vice president at Bravo, who said that things had become a little too crazy the night before at the end of the “Real Housewives of Orange County” trip to Ireland. “Don’t tell me any more,” he said. “Let me just see it. ” He took his place in the fake living room and sat down. “Very casual,” he said as the women   out in their restrictive formal wear,   a deep mustard and hair spritzed to within an inch of   laws. “This is their Super Bowl,” he told me when I asked why they were in   tie before 8 a. m. Over the next few hours, as they said things like “Oh, really, bitch?” and “I was friends with Teresa when she was chasing a prostitution whore out of a country club” and “Do I look like an ape?” and “I’m turning you off” and “You’re a dumb bitch,” Cohen’s placid cool sometimes gave way to frustration. “Stay on your couches!” he beseeched them. “Don’t push Daddy!” He put a finger gun to his head as Teresa accused Jacqueline of selling a story to a tabloid. He won’t like that I began this article with the “Housewives. ” Cohen has hosted a nightly talk show now for more than seven years that features scintillating conversation with celebrities and (O. K. yes) clips of Bravo shows, but his guests are legitimate stars, like Meryl Streep and Oprah Winfrey and (O. K. yes) Real Housewives. “Watch What Happens Live” is doing well, with nearly 800, 000 viewers a night. The set just expanded to accommodate twice its   audience. But you can’t talk about Cohen without talking about the     empire that he helped create in 2006  —   a juggernaut of unscripted television, with all but one of the locales (it’s Dallas) averaging two or three million viewers per   episode. “Real Housewives” is watched sincerely, it is watched as camp. It is   it is   it is   it is pored over by at least one very funny podcast (“Bitch Sesh”) it is debated by feminists, it is singled out for a particular kind of cultural degradation that has seeped into our national conversation and it is fairly said to have been a factor in our recent elevation of a   host to the highest office of this country, a man who apparently spent Thanksgiving asking his guests,   style, whom he should pick for secretary of state. Cohen was at a Jewish Federation speaking gig in Washington recently when a man raised his hand and asked if he felt responsible for the level of discourse that the American republic had descended to in the last few months. It was two weeks before the election, and the question was fair. Over the 10 million episodes of “Real Housewives” I watched this fall, I heard people say to one another, “I just wanna friggin rip his balls off” and “Put away your penis . .. and maybe someone would treat you like a woman. ” I saw a woman flip a table when she was angry, a woman who threw her fake leg when she was angry (more on this later). I saw women demand respect, respect, respect, saying, “You don’t respect me” and “That is not respect” and “That’s disrespectful,” respect in the way that people who conduct themselves respectfully and respectably seldom feel the need to demand out loud. Over in the presidential debates, meanwhile, Hillary Clinton was called a “nasty woman,” and Donald Trump’s Twitter feed seemed as if it had been ghostwritten by Kelly Dodd, the Real Housewife of Orange County responsible for such Twitter pronouncements as: “Got my phone hacked with the fraud Dept. Going to get a private investigator and I’m going to sue  press charges!! Good luck Thunderdome. ” But Cohen told that man in Washington this: “First of all, the ‘Housewives’ are entertainment. Second of all, in the ‘Housewives universe,’ you get punished for behaving badly. There are consequences to it. ” The consequences to Donald Trump’s behavior, by contrast, seemed to be more people loving him. Had he seen the polls? I asked. He had made a similar speech to me, and I was skeptical. Trump’s not going to win, I told him. Cohen pursed his lips and raised his eyebrows and tilted his head back and forth in consideration. “You never know. ” I didn’t listen to him. No one did, not even when he conducted two televised and dubiously scientific polls of the people who tuned into “Watch What Happens Live” and turned up numbers based on about 60, 000 votes that said, actually, yes, Trump was going to win. He’s used to that. “There’s a lot of times when I will say something about politics, and people will immediately discount me, and I think it’s the easiest way to discount my show too. It’s just like, Oh, that’s the ‘Housewives’ guy, who cares?” Cohen explained a few weeks after the reunion. We were at Cafe Cluny in the West Village for lunch in the 3 p. m. hour, which is the approximate time lunch happens for someone who goes to bed at about 2 a. m. each night, often following a   massage. He ordered a salad and then stared down the three pieces of dark chocolate that came with the check. “I think I’m   about it, but on the other hand, if that’s what I am, I’m also good with it because it’s a wonderful thing to be. ” His voice didn’t get less hoarse over the months I spent with him. “You know what I mean?” He opened his mouth to say something else, only to remember that control in an interview resides with the person who can stop talking. “Look, I was a thinking person before the Housewives ever came. ” He took a piece of the chocolate. “I’ve been a TV producer for a long time  —   not that that’s Mensa, but I’ve had a career, and I made my own way. So I just think, If I ever say something that someone doesn’t want to hear, it’s a very easy thing to then say, Oh, well, coming from the ‘Housewives’ guy, oh, really, Mr. ‘Real Housewives’?” He is lately, at 48, consumed with trying to gauge exactly where he stands in the national esteem. When I first met him, in his downtown office, a few minutes before he went on the air, he asked me why I wanted to do an article on him. “I’m just not that introspective,” he said. I took this to mean he possessed the natural discomfort that a producer might have with someone else telling his story. But soon I realized it was more about positioning: Do we think of him as the “Housewives” guy  —   or as a former Bravo head of development who has a thriving production company? Or a guy with his own channel on Sirius XM Radio that features shows with Sandra Bernhard and Dan Rather? Or the author of three   books, or the host of a nightly talk show, the first one in late night with a working bar, no matter what James Corden says? He is no longer what he started out as on the talk show, the kind of person who could ask the question we wanted answered (like: Jacqueline, why would you sit on that woman’s lap after she threatened to “rage on your ass”? ). Now he’s one of the famous people. And so he is these days often trying to figure out a metric by which he can ascertain where he falls in the fame food chain. In “Superficial,” there’s a diary entry in which he talks about getting a   invitation from his good friend Sarah Jessica Parker to be her date for the Met Gala  —   so that’s data. But he goes to Ralph Lauren to get a tux for the event and the one he likes is being held for Bobby Cannavale, and he spends a little time trying to process that he doesn’t have more pull than Bobby Cannavale. Another tux he likes is being held for Johnny Depp, which is O. K. with him, because of course Johnny Depp. “It didn’t piss me off,” he insisted when I asked about the incident and his calculations surrounding it. “No. I was like, oh, O. K. oh, good, here’s a ranking, and now I know where I stand. They’re telling me where I stand. I’m finding out how this works. ” He paused for a second. “I’m just psyched that I’m getting a tux. ” O. K. maybe it did sting a little when Vanity Fair had an article devoted to the hosts of late night, and Cohen seemed to be the only one excluded from it. Trevor Noah hadn’t even made his debut yet! But again, this is just data. “Everything’s good,” he insisted. “I have my health. I have my show. I have my life. You know what I mean?” But also, “I think my show is a late show, you know?” Don’t read any of this as defeated or bitter. If there’s one thing about Cohen, it’s that his respect for the democratic rhythms of popular culture and popularity in general is total. He wants to watch the rise and fall of things, even himself, without trying to manipulate the process. He wants it all to play out. The people will decide, and watching what the people decide and how they decide is far more important than the decision itself. From a young age, there was something about Andy Cohen that his mother couldn’t quite put her finger on. They would watch “All My Children” together during the    era ( ) which she wondered if maybe other sons weren’t doing with their mothers. He had a Diana Ross poster on his wall. What was it, though? What was it? Then one day, she was watching him “prance” (her word) across the stage in his high school’s performance of “Carousel,” and a notion crept in and took hold. She got home that night and looked under his bed, where she found a healthy stash of gay porn. Now she was sure something was going on, but what? She spoke with a psychologist she knew who understood gay issues because he had a gay relative, and that psychologist told her that maybe she should stop looking under his bed. Andy was about to leave for college, for Boston University, and the psychologist said, “B. U. is a good place for him to go for that, he’ll meet a lot of other gay people,” and now his mother really began to suspect something was up. A few years later, Cohen wrote a   letter to a friend that he left on his parents’ kitchen table, and his mother read it and sat him down and asked him if he was sure. And he told her he was. A mother always knows. He knew he wanted to be onscreen even in high school, but he didn’t want to play characters. He wanted to be famous for being himself, but at the time, that idea didn’t truly exist yet outside the news and shows like Oprah and “Donahue. ” “I liked the idea of being myself in front of the camera. So, just me being me. I used to think if I could work on a morning show then I could be me. ” He got a job as an intern at CBS News, then as a producer there, but he started to burn out after 10 years. After a   run at the   Barry Diller cable network Trio, he landed at Bravo, where he helped develop breakout successes like “Top Chef” and “The Millionaire Matchmaker. ” Lauren Zalaznick, at the time president of Bravo, recalls someone coming in with hundreds of hours of documentary tape from a gated community in Orange County, Calif. which the producers needed to work. In that footage, Cohen saw something. “I don’t want to pretend like it was like lightning in a bottle at the beginning,” he said. “I was like: ‘This is a soap opera. This is a soap opera. ’’u2009” It was also something else. “This is real life. ”’ Right before the first season aired in 2006, he had a minor crisis over the opening credits. The “Housewives” shows usually begin with an introduction of each Housewife, posing in Grade A evening wear and announcing her tagline, which is part defensive apologia, part mission statement, part brand definition. But at the beginning, when they were editing the first season of Orange County, they went with sound bites from the show, like “I don’t wanna get old” and “  percent of the women around here have had breast implants” and “Are the police involved?” When Cohen saw the first cut, he ran to the office of Shari Levine, Bravo’s vice president of production, and told her she had to call the production company. The Housewives were going to think the producers were sabotaging them. But Levine told him the Housewives had already seen it  —   and they loved it. Cohen learned that day that people stand behind their behavior, and that trying to protect them from themselves is a fundamental act of disrespect: “These women, but maybe all women. I mean maybe all men, too I think all people want to be heard and understood. ” He learned too that people don’t need you to fight their battles, that they are entitled to them, even if you think they’re ridiculous. He learned that an audience will respond to however eccentric or stubborn or mean or dumb or kind a person is if that person is being authentic. “The things that you think might embarrass them they actually feel like, Well, I was standing up for myself,” he said. I eventually watched the episode of “Real Housewives of Orange County” that Kathleen French had warned Cohen about. It was part of a   arc in which the women go to Ireland so that one of them, Meghan, can track down her ancestors. (This is manifested as her actually tapping people on the shoulder in the street and asking if they are related to her.) Now, “Orange County,” which is the screechiest “Housewives” franchise, had experienced so far a year of immense healing, with the Housewives working on forgiveness. That went right out the window on this trip. Kelly, whom I mentioned earlier, is someone prone to saying things like: “What comes before Part B?  !” She also does the old    “What’s on your shirt?” and when you look down, she flicks you in the nose. Well, it was one such flick, which she administered to Vicki, that plunged the whole trip into darkness. Kelly wanted to know why Heather was so uptight about it, since Jews are supposed to have a good sense of humor. Heather called Kelly racist, and Kelly, of course, said: “I’m not being racist. I’m Mexican. ” Eventually, Tamra got involved, and Kelly said, “No wonder why her daughter isn’t talking to her,” which prompted Tamra to lunge for Kelly and curse and hit her, and they were all kicked out of the department store they were in. Something Cohen knows, a belief that began to take root in him back when he was watching “All My Children” with his mother, was that people who interacted would always create something interesting. That’s why he doesn’t understand why anyone would think that “Real Housewives” wasn’t real in some way. Or that it was too crass. Had people been on a subway recently? Had they read an online comments section? If anyone was under the impression that we were still in a Jane Austen novel in terms of national discourse and manners, it wasn’t Cohen’s fault that they were in for a rude awakening. It’s all real. It wouldn’t be compelling to watch if it weren’t. Teresa Giudice was having a real breakdown when she flipped that table in New Jersey. But in New York, when Aviva Drescher got angry and threw her prosthetic leg at Le Cirque, of all places, in a   effort to make her onscreen presence more interesting, well, that was the last we saw of Aviva. “It is very real to them,” he said. “And by the way, when it’s not, they’re off the show. ” A few months after the women from Orange County returned from Ireland and watched the episodes through holes between their fingers, they pulled themselves together for the reunion. They put on clothing appropriate for Christmas dinner at the White House if it were Cinderella’s   gathered on two separate couches with Andy in the middle, folded their hands in their laps and apologized to one another. A few days after the election, Cohen began book promotion for “Superficial. ” He started with a few local appearances, including one at the 92nd Street Y, where he was interviewed onstage by Sarah Jessica Parker. He had spent election night at her house, actually, and as soon as it became clear who the winner was, Cohen left the room to eat. A few days later, his optimism had mostly returned. Anderson Cooper told me when we met in St. Louis, “I think Oprah said to Andy, ‘You carry the light.’ When I heard that, I was like, That’s really true. ” Onstage at the Y, he had already come around enough to say that he thinks that at heart, Donald Trump is a Democrat. The liberal, largely Jewish crowd, who had been reading about the terrifying increase of hate crimes since the election and had begun to feel as if the world were closing in faster than they’d expected, responded with silence. We met at Cafe Cluny again a week later, and I asked him if he had noticed the silence. He said he didn’t get it. He wanted to know why everyone he knew was so surprised about all of this. I’d been watching the show, hadn’t I? I’d seen Tamra from “Orange County” call Alexis “Jesus Jugs,” hadn’t I? How was that different from calling Hillary Clinton “Crooked Hillary”? I’d watched in the primaries as Trump defended the size of his penis, right? “Wouldn’t that be the province of the Housewives if they were men?” He was right. Trump was not not like one of Cohen’s Housewives. He knew he had to be entertaining to stay on the show. He was willing to say anything to get his contract extended. Throughout his campaign, he pulled out the “I know something, but I’m not going to say it now” trick, most recently employed by Bethenny Frankel about dirt she has but won’t reveal about both Dorinda and Jules at the last “New York” reunion. At the debates, the candidates fought for time to speak and demanded that they be allowed the time they were promised, which is what happens at the reunions. When Cohen saw that, he told me, he thought, Lester Holt, I feel your pain. Anderson Cooper was a moderator of a debate in St. Louis that ended with the candidates saying something nice about each other, which is exactly how Cohen ends some “Real Housewives” reunions. It was one thing when people were copying his format for a talk show and pretending it was theirs, but now life is copying his format, and he’s still not quite getting credit for it  —   just blame. But isn’t that always the way for Cohen? He’s confronted from the audience, he’s confronted by that guy in Washington, and still he’s not getting the credit for what his gift actually is, which isn’t knowing how to deviously propel national discourse into the gutter but instead delivering to viewers what they want before they know they want it. And still, they mess up the name of his show, calling it “Watch What Happens Now. ” They accuse him of ruining America, when he carries the light. Even Oprah said it. Andy Cohen didn’t invent our society. To think that is to have missed the entire point of him. He simply predicted it. He saw it coming before we did, and he taped it. He has a lack of judgment about the way the world works, and therefore doesn’t have the willful ignorance that the rest of us do  —   yes, we’d seen Tamra call Alexis “Jesus Jugs,” and we insisted it was a tacky anomaly. But it wasn’t. It was the way the world works now. Andy Cohen isn’t how our culture got this way. He is simply a walking seismograph of it. Back at Cafe Cluny, I took one of the pieces of chocolate that came with the check he left the other two alone. I asked him what was going to happen next. He shrugged and opened his mouth to say something, pausing for what felt like a minute. Then he told me that it was all going to be O. K. and I decided to believe him."
286,17604,‘Weekend Warriors’ Show Survival Benefits - The New York Times,New York Times,Gretchen Reynolds,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"Working out only on the weekends or otherwise compressing your total physical activity into one or two prolonged runs or a single vigorous basketball or soccer game each week could lessen your risks of dying prematurely almost as effectively as more frequent, shorter workouts spread throughout the week, according to an interesting new study of the   weekend warrior phenomenon. As most of us have heard by now, the standard recommendation about how much exercise we should complete each week for health purposes is 150 minutes of moderate or 75 minutes of vigorous physical activity. Moderate exercise consists of activities like brisk walking or easy cycling that raise heart rates while still allowing us to talk to training partners, and vigorous activities are those like running,   cycling, and many team sports, including basketball and soccer, that raise heart rates into a zone where speaking is difficult. Meeting these guidelines is associated with a substantially reduced risk of developing a wide range of diseases and dying too young. The guidelines also suggest that, for practical purposes, people consider breaking the 150 minutes into five moderate   sessions each week or a comparable number of shorter, more vigorous workouts. But many people apparently do not have the time or inclination to exercise five times per week. About a third of American adults engage in zero weekly exercise and others pack their workouts into one or two sessions on Saturday or Sunday, when they have more free time. There has been little information, though, about whether the weekend warrior pattern of exercise lowers the risk for premature death as effectively as more frequent and generally shorter workouts. So for the new study, which was published on Monday in JAMA Internal Medicine, researchers at Loughborough University in England and other institutions decided to delve into the exercise routines of tens of thousands of men and women already participating in the Health Survey for England and the Scottish Health Survey. The researchers zeroed in on data from 63, 591   men and women who had provided detailed descriptions of their workout patterns when they first entered the study at least 15 years before, telling the survey questioners how many minutes they had exercised each week during the past month, what kinds of exercise they had undertaken, and how many times per week they had worked out. The researchers used that data to categorize the men and women into a variety of groups. Those who never exercised were defined, unsurprisingly, as inactive, while those who worked out but did not meet the standard guidelines were considered insufficiently active. Those who did exercise for the full 150 gentle or 75 vigorous weekly minutes were labeled sufficiently active. This last group was then subdivided into those who spread their physical activity over at least three sessions and those who jammed it into one or two workouts, presumably on weekends (although the actual days were not specified). Interestingly, these weekend warriors were mostly male, almost half exercised only once per week, and an overwhelming majority, almost 90 percent, reported that their exercise occurred during vigorous sports like competitive running and cycling or team sports like soccer. Finally, the researchers crosschecked their participants against death registries, to determine mortality in the intervening years since each person had joined the original survey. It turned out that exercise, in any amount, had substantially lessened the risk that someone would die from any cause, including heart disease and cancer. Men and women who exercised, even if they did not meet the guideline recommendations, were about 29 percent less likely to die prematurely than people who never worked out. Those who met the recommendations gained a slight edge in longevity, being about 30 percent less likely to have died than people who never exercised. This advantage remained about the same whether people worked out three or more times during the week or jammed all of their activity into a session or two. “Reductions in risk were similar in the weekend warriors and the regularly active,” says Gary O’Donovan, a research associate at Loughborough University who led the study. Of course, this study was observational so it can’t tell us whether exercise actually caused people to live longer but only that the two are associated. It also raises questions it cannot answer, including whether weekend warriors might be missing out on other potential health gains from exercise. Frequent exercise is generally thought to be better than fewer workouts at, for instance, preventing and controlling Type 2 diabetes, says Hannah Arem, an epidemiologist at George Washington University who wrote a commentary to accompany the new study. Weekend warriors also could be losing aerobic fitness between workouts, since endurance capacity typically declines after a   or   layoff. So weekend warriors might be rebuilding and maintaining but not augmenting their baseline fitness from one week to the next. And they are likely to face a higher risk of   injuries than people who exercise more often. But even with those caveats, the good news from this study, Dr. O’Donovan says, is that whatever type of activity you can fit into your schedule appears to be better for your longevity than no activity at all."
287,17605,Don’t Call Them ‘Mocktails’ - The New York Times,New York Times,Rosie Schaap,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,,"I’m always thrilled when a certain former drinking buddy comes to see me at the bar. He stopped drinking alcohol years ago, but he’s as fun to be around as he was when we sat side by side at a corner bar in TriBeCa many nights in the ’90s  —   probably more so. Quitting drinking, whether it’s for a month (as many are tempted to do this time of year) or forever, shouldn’t have to mean forgoing all the other, and arguably deeper, pleasures of bar culture: community and conversation. Of course it’s easier  —   and maybe economically sounder  —   to drink at home, but we go to bars because other people are there, and the fellowship we find with them is, for many of us, more important than the pints and shots. I want my friend to be as happy and relaxed at the bar as any other customer, and he deserves something better than a cranberry and seltzer. Given the limited resources at my small, neighborhood pub, a virgin bloody mary usually does the trick  —   and mixed with a good nonalcoholic beer, it makes an excellent base for a virgin michelada, too. Cocktail and restaurant bars are also making a greater effort to make nondrinkers feel welcome and well looked after. Some have dedicated nonalcoholic drink menus. On the list at Boston’s Bar Mezzana is a festive number called the Orchid Thief, fragrant with orange and tinged with vanilla, fizzed up with club soda and served in a flute  —   a celebratory glassful of   bubbly. Abigail Gullo at Compère Lapin in New Orleans gladly accommodates nondrinkers with a cooler composed of fresh blackberries, citrus juices and orgeat, an almondy syrup that hints at the flavor of amaretto. Another creative bartender, the Los   Gabriella Mlynarczyk, has deliberately developed recipes that are delicious and satisfying with or without alcohol. One is the Mumbai Mule, for which she concocts a spicy syrup of ginger, turmeric, coriander, cumin, paprika, cayenne and honey. She then mixes it with coconut milk, tops it off with ginger beer and garnishes it with fresh curry leaves. Part of the appeal of sitting at a bar with a cocktail is that it’s an opportunity to sip something special, unusual and lovely to behold. The three options featured here succeed in all these criteria. But let’s not call them mocktails  —   they’re not mocking anything. They stand on their own flavorful merits. In bartending circles, there has always been discussion about the pressure to drink and the toll it can take. It’s an important conversation, and my sense is that in recent years it has become more open and more honest. Good drink will always be part of my life, but my constitution isn’t what it was when I drank most every night at that corner bar in TriBeCa. A glass of Champagne on New Year’s Eve still suits me. A gin fizz the following afternoon, sure. But on Jan. 2, make me a Mumbai Mule  —   and hold the vodka, please. Recipes: Mumbai Mule | Orchid Thief | Blackberry Cooler"
288,17606,South Korea’s Blacklist of Artists Adds to Outrage Over Presidential Scandal - The New York Times,New York Times,Choe Sang-Hun,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"SEOUL, South Korea  —   When the South Korean artist Hong   produced a painting that depicted President Park   as a scarecrow manipulated by evil forces, including her dictator father, her senior aides discussed how to “punish” Mr. Hong, according to a diary one of them kept. Soon after the painting’s completion in August 2014, the retaliation began as planned in the aide’s diary, which surfaced in November in the investigation into the corruption scandal that has led to Ms. Park’s impeachment trial. First, a   civic group sued Mr. Hong on charges of defaming Ms. Park. Then his work was excluded from the Gwangju Biennale, South Korea’s   international arts festival, an act Gwangju’s mayor later admitted was due to government pressure. The retaliation did not stop there, Mr. Hong said. “Dozens of conservative activists showed up in front of my apartment like a goon squad, shaking my photographs and calling me a ‘Communist painter,’” he said. “I received death threats on the phone. ” As it turned out, Mr. Hong was one of thousands of artists reportedly blacklisted by the government of Ms. Park, whose powers have been suspended as she faces an impeachment trial on charges of corruption and abuse of power. The blacklist is just one element in the sprawling case that has infuriated the public and prompted national introspection about South Korea’s young democracy and its authoritarian past. On Thursday, three of Ms. Park’s former aides, including one of her former culture ministers, Kim   were arrested on charges of blacklisting cultural figures deemed unfriendly and barring them from   support programs. So far, two versions of the blacklist have been reported by the news media, citing anonymous sources. Officials, including the special prosecutor in the case, Park   have confirmed the existence of the blacklist but have not released it. A 2015 version of the list included more than 9, 000 people, according to news reports. The list contained some of South Korea’s most beloved filmmakers, actors and writers, including the director of “Oldboy,” Park   and the “Snowpiercer” actor Song  . Officially, Ms. Park has made promoting movies and other cultural products one of her key priorities. But secretly, her government has blackballed artists, reviving a practice of past military dictators like her father, Park   and in so doing has “seriously undermined the freedom of thought and expression,” the special prosecutor’s office said. The revelations about the cultural blacklist added a new layer of notoriety to the scandal surrounding Ms. Park, and prosecutors planned to use the list to help strengthen the impeachment charges against her. When the National Assembly voted to impeach Ms. Park last month, it accused her of conspiring with her longtime confidante, Choi   to solicit bribes from businesses and crack down on uncooperative officials and journalists. The special prosecutor is investigating whether Ms. Park and Kim    —   her former chief of staff, who was depicted as one of the dark forces in Mr. Hong’s painting  —   were involved in the blacklisting of artists. Both Ms. Park and Mr. Kim, her former chief of staff, have denied involvement. However, another of Ms. Park’s former culture ministers, Yoo   said the list was dictated by the president’s office. On Monday, the current culture minister, Cho   said, “I understand how pained artists must have felt when excluded from government support just because of their political and ideological beliefs. ” For many South Koreans, news of the blacklisting of artists reawakened memories from the nation’s dictatorial past. Ms. Park’s father, who ruled South Korea from 1961 to 1979, censored newspapers and imprisoned dissident writers and publishers. Chun   a military dictator during the 1980s, banished a comedian from TV after people compared the appearances of the two men. (Both were bald.) Subsequent governments were accused of favoring   scholars and civic groups when doling out research projects and subsidies. Under Ms. Park’s conservative predecessor, Lee   some celebrities and journalists deemed progressive were barred from   broadcasters. But the latest revelations marked the first time the existence of an extensive government blacklist was revealed since South Korea moved toward democracy in the late 1980s. “It’s an honor to be on the list,” Ko Un, one of South Korea’s   poets, told the broadcaster SBS last month, when it reported on another version of the list. “This shows how disgusting the government is. ” Under Ms. Park, whose leadership style is often compared to her father’s, rumors of a blacklist have been circulating for years. The rumors intensified after two   theatrical directors were mysteriously booted from government subsidy programs: one had campaigned for Ms. Park’s main opponent in the 2012 election another had produced a play spoofing Ms. Park and her father. And after the organizers of the Busan International Film Festival screened a documentary that delved into what it called Ms. Park’s botched response to the Sewol ferry disaster in 2014 in which more than 300 people died, the festival lost half of its government funding. Mr. Yoo, the former culture minister, said Mr. Kim, Ms. Park’s chief of staff at the time, began ordering the culture ministry to blacklist certain artists in 2013. Last month, a former aide to Ms. Park was indicted on charges of colluding with her in an attempt to blackmail a vice chairwoman of CJ, which runs South Korea’s biggest film studio, into retiring in 2013. The company had angered Ms. Park’s office by financing a movie about her ideological enemy, the former President Roh   Mr. Yoo said in a radio interview last month. “I thought this kind of thing happened only under the past military rule,” CJ’s chairman, Sohn   told a parliamentary hearing last month. Mr. Yoo said that an early version of the blacklist he saw in June 2014 included hundreds of artists. Shortly before he was replaced a month later, Mr. Yoo said he met Ms. Park to warn against the list. (Ms. Park has denied being warned.) By 2015, the list had ballooned to include more than 9, 000 visual artists, musicians, actors, film and musical directors, and writers deemed critical of Ms. Park, particularly those who took aim at her handling of the ferry disaster or who were suspected of supporting her rivals, according to the Hankook Ilbo newspaper, which published what it claimed was the list in October. Ms. Park’s office zealously pursued her opponents after the ferry disaster, according to the diary of Kim   the former presidential aide who detailed the retaliation against Mr. Hong. The ferry tragedy is a central motif in Mr. Hong’s painting. During a meeting of senior presidential aides in 2014, Mr. Kim, Ms. Park’s chief of staff at the time, called for a “combative response to leftists in the cultural and art circles” and ordered the aides to “discover their networks,” according to the diary. He compared progressive teachers and journalists “to poisonous mushrooms. ” The diary also recorded instructions to punish artists who satirized Ms. Park, conduct a “loyalty check” of senior government officials, “intimidate” courts of law and “induce” scholars to write   newspaper columns. “Make them afraid to challenge the president,” Mr. Kim was quoted as saying in a diary entry dated July 4, 2014. He has denied giving such an order and said that the diary did not faithfully record what was actually discussed during the aides’ meetings. The author of the diary, Kim   died in August, but prosecutors said they found it useful in building their case against Ms. Park. Mr. Hong, the painter, said that for poor artists, being cut off from travel and other government support programs could be crushing. In 2015, Mr. Hong was invited to show his painting at a Berlin arts festival. But no domestic logistics company would transport the work for fear of government retaliation. Mr. Hong had to travel alone and hurriedly repaint a copy of the original in Berlin. He also suspected the government was behind a tax audit of his wife’s clinic last year. “It makes me shudder that Park   and her cronies tried to tame artists by holding back a pittance of government support while they themselves pocket millions,” Mr. Hong said. “They showed how depraved political power can be. ”"
289,17607,Baltimore Agrees to Broad Change for Troubled Police Dept. - The New York Times,New York Times,Eric Lichtblau and Jess Bidgood,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"BALTIMORE  —   Nearly two years after the death of a black man in police custody led to violent riots here, the Justice Department and city leaders announced on Thursday a   agreement to impose greater oversight and training on a police force found to have routinely harassed minorities. Negotiators have been rushing for weeks to complete the deal before the Jan. 20 inauguration of Donald J. Trump and the expected confirmation of his attorney general pick, Senator Jeff Sessions. Both men are seen as hostile to police oversight agreements like the one put in place on Thursday, with Mr. Trump denouncing what he called the “war on police” during his presidential campaign. Justice Department negotiators are moving quickly to complete a second investigation in Chicago, which has also been wracked by violence and tension between the police and residents. The findings of that investigation could come as early as Friday. Announcing the Baltimore deal at City Hall, Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch said she was confident that the reforms mandated by the deal would take hold even if the Trump administration were to take steps to try to undo it. “This agreement is binding and it will live on,” said Ms. Lynch, flanked by Mayor Catherine Pugh, Police Commissioner Kevin Davis, Vanita Gupta, the head of the civil rights division at the Justice Department, and others. Mr. Davis said the pact provides “a path forward” that he said will benefit both his officers and the city’s residents and that it should serve as a model for thousands of other police departments in tackling tensions. Baltimore came under Justice Department scrutiny after an   man, Freddie Gray, 25, died of a spinal cord injury he received while in police custody in 2015 as he was being transported in a department van. The death led to widespread protests  —   Gov. Larry Hogan, a Republican, called in the National Guard to quell riots  —   and appeals for federal intervention. In the ensuing political fallout, the Democratic mayor, Stephanie   dismissed the police chief and six officers were charged in Mr. Gray’s death none were convicted. The episode roiled racial tensions nationwide amid a string of other deaths of black men in police confrontations nationwide, from Ferguson, Mo. to Staten Island. The Justice Department filed a   consent decree in federal court on Thursday just minutes before announcing the deal. A judge must approve it before the city and the Police Department begin putting in place more than a dozen changes, including improved training and technology, community oversight, and greater transparency in dealings between the police and the public. Once that is done, the crucial first step will almost surely fall to the Trump administration: working with the city to recommend an outside, independent monitor to determine whether Baltimore is adequately taking steps to address what a blistering Justice Department report in August found was systemic racial bias in its policing. Ms. Pugh, a Democrat who has been in office 33 days, recounted hectic, 1:30 a. m. phone calls with negotiators in the weeks leading up to the agreement. She called the results “a great day” for Baltimore. She made clear what she considered the most important element: “training, training, training, training. ” The agreement requires officers to go through 80 hours of training in practices like community policing and proper tactics for stops, searches and arrests. Another measure will require improved safety technology and video cameras inside police vans like the one used to transport Mr. Gray when he died. The Justice Department’s report on city policing last year found that officers routinely stopped large numbers of people in poor, black neighborhoods for dubious reasons, and arrested residents merely for speaking out in ways police officers deemed disrespectful. In Baltimore, a city that is 63 percent black, the report found that 91 percent of those arrested on discretionary offenses like “failure to obey” or “trespassing” were  . Blacks made up 60 percent of Baltimore’s drivers but accounted for 82 percent of traffic stops. Of the 410 pedestrians who were stopped at least 10 times in the five and a half years of data reviewed, 95 percent were black. The findings also painted a picture of a police culture deeply dismissive of sexual assault victims and hostile toward prostitutes and transgender people. The decree’s requirements are intended to prohibit unlawful stops and arrests, and to prevent discriminatory policing and excessive force. Representative Elijah Cummings, a Maryland Democrat, called the agreement “a chance to   trust” between residents and the police after a painful few years. DeRay Mckesson, a   voice in the Black Lives Matter movement who lives in Baltimore, said he was impressed by the decree’s wide range. “It is the first consent decree that I have seen that addresses the Police Department’s internal affairs division,” Mr. Mckesson said by text message, “and goes further to ensure that officers are not targeting poor citizens or citizens in historically ‘ ’ areas and addresses the response to citizens in crisis or with mental health challenges. ” Provisions of the decree prohibit the police from stopping people based solely on where they are, or how they respond to the presence of a police officer. The Supreme Court has ruled that officers can stop a person who flees from them in   neighborhoods. “This starts to push back on that line and says, ‘Look, we’re really reinforcing that people have a right to avoid contact with the police and the place they live shouldn’t be an important factor in how much Fourth Amendment protection they get,’” said David Jaros, an associate professor of law at the University of Baltimore. “But at the same time,” Mr. Jaros added, “it’s ambiguous as to what its reach is,” and whether it limits police actions further than existing law does. Tessa   the president of Baltimore’s branch of the N. A. A. C. P. said she was heartened to see that the Police Department had already implemented reforms  —   like testing body cameras and changing aspects of prisoner transport  —   and hoped the consent decree would bring more. But Tawanda Jones, the sister of Tyrone West, who died in 2013 after a struggle with the police, said the rush to finish the deal and the coming handover of power in Washington had eroded her faith that the decree would bring about meaningful change in Baltimore. “What does a piece of paper mean? It means nothing,” Ms. Jones said. “It’s not a training issue it’s a system that is broke. It’s a system that doesn’t hold people accountable. ”"
290,17609,"Kunduz Attack in November Killed 33 Civilians, U.S. Military Says - The New York Times",New York Times,Mujib Mashal,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"KABUL, Afghanistan  —   A United States military investigation into claims of civilian casualties during a joint operation by Afghan and American forces found that 33 civilians were killed and 27 others were wounded during a firefight and airstrikes in Kunduz Province last year, American military officials said on Thursday. In early November, Afghan Special Forces, accompanied by American military advisers, came under intense fire during an operation to arrest Taliban commanders in Boz Qandahari, a village in Kunduz, the United States military command in Afghanistan said in a statement. They called in American airstrikes, which resulted in some of the civilian casualties. Two American soldiers and three Afghan commandos were killed, and four American soldiers and 11 commandos were wounded, the statement said. “Regardless of the circumstances, I deeply regret the loss of innocent lives,” said Gen. John W. Nicholson Jr. the commander of United States forces in Afghanistan. “On this occasion, the Taliban chose to hide amongst civilians and then attacked Afghan and U. S. forces. ” “I wish to assure President Ghani and the people of Afghanistan that we will take all possible measures to protect Afghan civilians,” he added, referring to Ashraf Ghani. After the battle in Kunduz, a New York Times reporter counted 22 bodies being brought into the city on the way to the hospital there. Among them were 14 children, four women, two older men and two men of fighting age. They were accompanied by a large group of protesters from Boz Qandahari, the village that was hit. Residents of Boz Qandahari, however, said that the investigation had underestimated the number of civilians killed and that the claim of Taliban firing at the forces from their homes was not true. “My father was a shopkeeper  —   he had a grocery shop close to our house. My brother and I were farmers. We had never had a weapon. I and no one in my family knows how to use a weapon,” said Mohammed Reza, 29, who lost seven family members in the bombing and was stuck in the rubble of their house for hours. “I lost my father, my brother, my brother’s wife, my son and three of my nephews who were between 1 and 7 years old. ” Dad Mohammed, 45, said he was aware of at least 37 killed among his own relatives. “There were no Taliban among us, there was no Taliban in our house. Except for one former Talib, who was disabled and had lost a leg and he was our cousin,” he said. “He was killed along with his father, his wife and five children. His brother was also killed. ” Mr. Mohammed said the Taliban stronghold in the area was obvious, but it was far from the areas that had been bombed. “This was an act of oppression,” he said. “We are also humans. It should be investigated by an international court, and we need to be compensated for our loss. ” Kunduz is also where a United States military gunship mistakenly targeted a hospital run by Doctors Without Borders in October 2015, killing at least 42 people and destroying much of the hospital."
291,17610,Directors Guild Nominates Nate Parker for Best Debut - The New York Times,New York Times,Cara Buckley,2017-01-28,2017.0,1.0,,"The awards season leaders whom everyone already knew were awards season leaders became ever more apparent on Thursday when the Directors Guild of America revealed the nominees for its top prize. They are: Damien Chazelle (“La La Land”) Garth Davis (“Lion”) Barry Jenkins (“Moonlight”) Kenneth Lonergan (“Manchester by the Sea”) and Denis Villeneuve (“Arrival”). The real news came further down in the announcement: Nate Parker received a nomination for outstanding achievement for a   director. This signals a redemption of sorts for Mr. Parker, whose awards hopes for his debut film, “The Birth of a Nation,” were torpedoed when controversy emerged around rape charges he faced and was acquitted of nearly 16 years ago. In the   category, nominations also went to Mr. Davis (a second one for his work on “Lion”) Kelly Fremon Craig (“Edge of Seventeen”) Dan Trachtenberg (“10 Cloverfield Lane”) and Tim Miller, whose satirical superhero film “Deadpool” has been a surprise presence in this year’s awards race. In the main feature film category, the notable omissions were Mel Gibson, for “Hacksaw Ridge,” and Martin Scorsese, whose   passion project, “Silence,” received neither a Directors Guild nomination nor one from the Producers Guild, which found room for “Deadpool” in its nominations list this week. Taken with the film’s shutout from the Screen Actors Guild Award nominations, Mr. Scorsese and “Silence” are all but guaranteed to be ignored in the best picture and best director Oscar races this year. (Academy Award nominations are announced Jan. 24.) Guild awards are given far more weight in the Oscars race than awards from critics or journalists because they represent industry sentiment, and because a huge number of guild members also belong to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. The DGA Award nominations capped a busy week that began with the Golden Globes and included nomination announcements from the producers and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, which also shares members with the American academy (and is now dealing with a #BAFTASoWhite controversy for picking an   slate of lead acting and directing nominees). Taken with Golden Globes wins, the guild nominations make clear the calcification of this year’s race around the leading contenders, with “La La Land” more out front than ever."
292,17611,Obama Surprises Joe Biden With Presidential Medal of Freedom - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael D. Shear,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   President Obama surprised Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. on Thursday by bestowing the Presidential Medal of Freedom on him, calling Mr. Biden “my brother” in a tearful goodbye in the East Room of the White House. Having called Mr. Biden and his wife, Jill, to the White House for a private farewell, the president instead brought him into a room filled with his friends, family and colleagues to present him with the honor, the nation’s highest. For the first time, Mr. Obama awarded the medal with distinction, an added level of veneration that previous presidents had reserved for recipients like Pope John Paul II and Colin L. Powell, the former secretary of state. “To know Joe Biden is to know love without pretense, service without   and to live life fully,” Mr. Obama said during the televised ceremony, as Mr. Biden wiped tears from his eyes and dabbed at his nose with a handkerchief. Moments later, as the president called up a military aide to read the proclamation, Mr. Biden appeared to break down, turning his back to the audience to compose himself. After Mr. Obama hung the medal around his neck, the vice president cried openly. “Ricchetti, you’re fired,” Mr. Biden joked to his chief of staff, Steve Ricchetti. “I had no inkling. ” Addressing Mr. Obama, who stood to his side, Mr. Biden said that he had never met anyone who had “the integrity and the decency and the sense of other people’s needs like you do. ” The ceremony was an emotional conclusion to an improbable partnership that began in 2008 when Mr. Obama asked his former presidential rival to be his running mate. The two men became close during eight years in the White House. “Mr. President, you got right the part about my leaning on Jill,” Mr. Biden said, referring to the president’s remarks about the couple’s love. “But I’ve also leaned on you and a lot of people in this room. ” It was not always clear that the   pairing would work, either politically or personally. Mr. Obama brought a cool and disciplined approach to politics, while his vice president was the hotheaded, passionate one. Gaffes by Mr. Biden during the early part of the Obama administration annoyed the president and his aides. And the relationship between the two men was strained when Mr. Biden endorsed   marriage in 2012, forcing the president’s hand on the issue. But their bond strengthened through the difficult   campaign and a second term in which they confronted several mass killings. And Mr. Biden’s personal tragedy  —   the loss of his son Beau to cancer  —   brought them even closer together. Last year, Mr. Biden seriously considered another run for president. But he concluded that his son’s death had left him emotionally unable to mount an effective campaign. The citation with the medal noted Mr. Biden’s “charm, candor, unabashed optimism and deep and abiding patriotism,” as well as his “strength and grace to overcome great personal adversity. ” It called him one of the most “consequential vice presidents in American history. ” Mr. Obama spoke emotionally about the relationship between his own family and the extended Biden clan, many of whom had gathered for the ceremony. “My family is so proud to call ourselves honorary Bidens,” he said. Mr. Biden sought to return the compliment. He noted that the Constitution did not grant the vice president any inherent powers  —   “for good reason,” he said. But he said that Mr. Obama had made good on a pledge to make sure that Mr. Biden had a job that mattered. “You have more than kept your commitment to me by saying you wanted me to help govern,” Mr. Biden said, adding that he hoped the history books would record that he was an asterisk in Mr. Obama’s historic presidency. “I can say I was part of a journey of a remarkable man who did remarkable things for this country,” Mr. Biden said."
293,17612,"Review: ‘A Really Good Day,’ Ayelet Waldman’s Better Living Through LSD - The New York Times",New York Times,Jennifer Senior,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"Let’s just get this out of the way, shall we? Ayelet Waldman: intemperate tweeter, guerrilla oversharer, provocateur, literary exhibitionist, cyclone of sass. When The New York Times Book Review didn’t select her novel “Love and Treasure” as one of its 100 Notable Books of 2014, she unleashed a  tweetstorm of hurt. (  excerpt: “there are MANY books on that notable list with reviews that were NOWHERE near as good as mine. ”) When she announced in a 2005 essay that she loved her husband, the novelist Michael Chabon, more than she loved her children, outraged mothers everywhere clucked and   and when she expressed surprise, the chorus came back  —   Well, what on earth did you expect? But here’s my question for those who sneer at or   her new memoir about the possible therapeutic value of LSD, “A Really Good Day: How Microdosing Made a Mega Difference in My Mood, My Marriage, and My Life”: What on earth did you expect? Here is the truth about Ms. Waldman, which complicates matters for those who don’t like her: She has spent many years struggling with punishing, ungovernable moods. Originally, doctors told her she had bipolar II disorder years later, a psychiatrist decided premenstrual dysphoric disorder more closely corresponded with her symptoms, and Ms. Waldman agreed. But whatever it’s called, hers is not a mood disorder of the quiet, novelistic variety. It’s big and operatic, often driving her to do the very things for which she’s been publicly shamed: acting out, picking fights, trawling for affirmation. Just because she doesn’t have a picturesque version of melancholy doesn’t make it any less real or any less deserving of compassion. And after reading “A Really Good Day,” you understand just why Ms. Waldman might have been willing to experiment to find relief. She’d exhausted her family. She’d exhausted all manner of therapies. And she’d exhausted just about every drug in the pharmacopoeia  —   including the ones that sound like Spanish dances (Cymbalta, Strattera, Concerta) the ones that look like typing tests (Zoloft, Effexor, Seroquel) and the ones that could well be craters on the moon (Valium, Ambien, Lunesta). Her Ambien dependence proved particularly problematic. When she took too much, she’d have text exchanges with Mr. Chabon that looked like this: Hence Ms. Waldman’s   trial with LSD  —   10 micrograms every three days. A microdose, as she explains, is anywhere from   to   of what one would find on a   tab of acid. It doesn’t turn the world into a bubbling lava lamp. This dosage, taken at this rate, is “” according to the psychologist and former psychedelic researcher James Fadiman. Mr. Fadiman’s (admittedly informal, nonrandomized) research suggests that people who follow this protocol simply feel   …     better. Ms. Waldman wanted to know what something as luxuriously pedestrian as “better” was like. “A Really Good Day” is a captain’s log of her    trip. It combines daily reports of her moods with the research she’s done about the history of psychedelics and her extended meditations on drugs and the law. (Before becoming a writer, Ms. Waldman was a federal public defender.) And what does she find? That the experience really is transformative. “You’ve been much happier,” her younger daughter tells her. “You’ve been controlling your emotions. Like, when you’re angry, you’re  . ” The reader doesn’t have quite as uniformly positive an experience. Part of the problem is aesthetic: Ms. Waldman has a tendency to slide into the prefab language of psychotherapy or  . (“It is suddenly so obvious that what I need to do is just get out of my own way. ”) Her sense of humor can be unsubtle. (On the weak magic mushrooms she once tried in college: “It’s possible that all I ate was a handful of dried shiitakes dipped in cow manure. ”) She’s a fan of extended metaphors, and almost no one should be a fan of extended metaphors. They involve beating a dead horse, converting it to glue, and then discovering the glue doesn’t work. If you see what I mean. And her observations can be trite. Her anxious   while meditating  —   “Now you’re thinking about thinking! Stop berating yourself for thinking!”  —   will surprise exactly no one. But then Ms. Waldman will capture you with genuinely brave and human moments, like when she confesses that she yells at people because she enjoys it. Or when she says her talents aren’t considerable enough to earn her a great artist’s tempestuous mood swings. Or expresses guilt that her oldest child has had to bear the brunt of her anger and depression. Her reminiscences about her time defending poor, defenseless clients in Los Angeles are riveting. I am not sure they belong in this book  —   especially when she talks about the unfairness of our sentencing guidelines (I mean, agreed, but this is neither the time nor the place for  )  —   but I’d love to see an independent memoir about her legal work one day. Ms. Waldman’s survey of the history and literature of psychotropic drugs is informative, though it can also, on occasion, be too sloppy and loose. She casually drops the phrase “Alzheimer’  benzos” (short for benzodiazepines, that class of   drugs including Valium and Xanax) without so much as a footnote, and this claim is hardly settled science. She writes that Francis Crick “reportedly” experimented with LSD when he envisioned the double helix, and then takes it back in a footnote. “Couldn’t we just pretend it’s true?” she asks. No, we can’t. There are other uncareful moments of this kind, and other undocumented declarations. I mention them not to be picayune, but because writing about drug research is a delicate business, requiring a certain amount of control in one’s voice. You really don’t want readers doubting your authority when you’re making an argument in favor of a maligned and illegal substance. But it’s an argument that needs to be made. As she did with her 2009 essay collection, “Bad Mother,” which decriminalized ordinary mommy infractions and helped bring a sense of proportion to the messy enterprise of parenting, Ms. Waldman brings a huge dose of compassion and, yes, good sense to “A Really Good Day. ” Whatever her foibles or stylistic lapses, she makes a persuasive case for the therapeutic use of psychedelics. (Want to be inspired? Read the research on the effects of hallucinogens on dying cancer patients.) As ever, Ms. Waldman is wielding her powers of provocation to goad us into an uncomfortable but necessary conversation. Quibble with her style, her methods, her desire to attract attention. In normalizing the conversation about LSD, she may one day help others feel normal."
294,17613,The Billionaire Art Dealer Guy Wildenstein Is Cleared of Tax Fraud - The New York Times,New York Times,Doreen Carvajal,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"PARIS  —   In a surprise verdict, a French tribunal of judges cleared Guy Wildenstein  —   the patriarch of an international   dynasty  —   of charges that he laundered money by shielding a precious collection in a maze of foreign trusts to avoid inheritance taxes. Olivier Géron, the lead judge who had presided over the trial last fall, announced the decision Thursday at the Palais de Justice. He spent an hour reading a ruling that he acknowledged could seem to “defy common sense” because Mr. Wildenstein and his family had demonstrated a “clear intention” to conceal their wealth over generations. But their behavior, the decision said, fell into a gray area before France enacted legislation in 2011 to require the declaration of foreign trusts. The authorities had sought a 250 million euro fine (about $267 million) for Mr. Wildenstein, 71, who is president of Wildenstein  Company, a New York art gallery. The case also ensnared his nephew and his estranged    along with Swiss and French legal advisers and foreign trust companies. They were cleared as well  —   a defeat for a relatively new prosecution unit that had been created to combat international tax evasion. Monica d’Onofrio, the prosecutor, had demanded severe punishment for Mr. Wildenstein, including prison time, calling the family’s financial operations “the longest and the most sophisticated tax fraud” in contemporary France. The French media had also labeled the Wildensteins the “impressionists of finance,” a reference to the family’s deep collection of art, which included works by Bonnard, Fragonard, Caravaggio, Poussin and Watteau. Mr. Wildenstein was not in court for the verdict. But his lawyer, Hervé Temime, said he had called the art dealer and he was “relieved” by the outcome. Mr. Wildenstein’s legal team had argued at trial that he was unaware of the complex terms of the trusts managed by legal advisers. Mr. Wildenstein was accused of underestimating inheritance taxes after his father, Daniel, died at the age of 84 in 2001, in France. Prosecutors contend that Mr. Wildenstein and his brother, Alec, schemed to hide art and assets under the complex trusts and moved millions of dollars in artworks to tax havens in Switzerland days after their father died. The Wildensteins have a presence in the art world dating back four generations, to 1875, and testimony at the trial showed how the family used its artwork to reap income from bank loans against the rising value of the paintings. The case grew out of legal battles waged by women in the family who have complained of having been excluded from the business and cheated out of inheritances. Sylvia Wildenstein, Daniel’s widow, sued her stepsons over his estate, contending that assets had been hidden from her in the trusts. Those tensions were still apparent on Thursday. Outside the courtroom, a lawyer for Mr. Wildenstein trailed Mrs. Wildenstein’s former lawyer, Claude   and loudly called the lawyer a “crook” while she spoke with reporters. Ms.   ignored him, insisting that the nation’s laws need to be changed to apply to trusts created before the new legislation was enacted to combat tax evasion. Mr. Wildenstein still faces other legal hurdles in civil court, including the claims by the state for about €500 million (about $534 million) in back taxes and other complaints rising from works seized by the police from the vaults of the Wildenstein Institute in Paris because the ownership was not clear. Those works remain in police possession."
295,17614,Should Ivanka Trump the Woman Wear Ivanka Trump the Brand? - The New York Times,New York Times,Vanessa Friedman,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"A few hours after her father’s news conference on Wednesday at Trump Tower, Ivanka Trump posted a notice on her personal Facebook page officially announcing that she was taking a “formal leave of absence” from all management and operative responsibilities at her fashion brand and that she would be stepping down from her role at the Trump Organization. She would, she wrote, be spending the next few months concentrating on settling her children into their new lives in Washington and exploring how she could “determine the most impactful and appropriate ways for me to serve our country. ” This follows earlier decisions to separate her personal social media accounts from those of her brand. Yet in one meaningful area, Ms. Trump and her brand are harder to divide: That is, her wardrobe. After all, the same day she announced she was separating Ivanka Trump the person from Ivanka Trump the brand, The Daily Mail announced she had worn an Ivanka Trump coat to her father’s news conference. Then it offered a    box and link. In case, you know, anyone wanted to buy the garment. That turned out not to be true  —   according to a spokesman for Ms. Trump, the coat was by Joseph Altuzarra  —   but the confusion around woman and product made for some uncomfortable optics, and it raises the question: What does it mean to separate individual from company where fashion is concerned? On the one hand, there’s something ridiculous about suggesting that Ms. Trump not wear whatever clothes are in her closet, and as the founder of a fashion brand that bears her name, presumably part of her job has been to promote said brand by wearing it  —   to, in effect, demonstrate her belief in her own products. So she probably has a lot of such products within reach. And it’s not her fault if some media outlet chooses to point out that she looks good and tells people how they, too, can look good. On the other hand, her brand is clearly built on her image: Not just her name, but her face, and what she represents. It’s selling the promise that women who wear her clothes can get a piece of her gold dust  —   and now that this gold dust is visible in the corridors (and news conferences) of power, that is only going to be more true. Every time she is pictured in an Ivanka Trump outfit, it is bound to give a boost to the Ivanka Trump brand. Whether or not they are technically linked. It’s unclear whether Ms. Trump would benefit from that financially, as specifics about her monetary relationship with her brand were not included in her statement. But even if she is selling her part of the company, for a prominent member of the first family to be seen to be endorsing a brand with her own name on it is a complicated proposition. And an endorsement is exactly what an appearance in an item of clothing has become. This is a time, like it or not, of obsession with the wardrobe selections of anyone in the public eye, especially women in the public eye (their clothes are more interesting than men’s, after all). And though she has repeatedly said that she will not take a formal role in the new administration, Ms. Trump is emerging as the female face of her father’s inner circle. Simply consider the news conference, where she was the only woman from the immediate family in attendance. There’s a reason The Daily Mail did not get into the specifics of what her brothers wore. She is smart enough to know that any time she steps out of her door, someone is going to try to snap a picture and parse her clothes. You can argue that Ms. Trump is not an elected official, and thus to demand that she recuse herself from all products associated with her name is unfair punishment. You could say that if she wears, for example, an Alexander McQueen dress, as she did on election night, she is giving that brand a boost, so why shouldn’t she do the same for her own brand? You can point out that there is precedent because she wore her own line numerous times during the campaign, including to introduce her father at the Republican National Convention  —   but then, the latter choice was not without controversy. In part, the resulting brouhaha was, of course, because her brand then promoted that appearance with its own “get the look” link, as it famously did, without her knowledge, when she wore her   bracelet during her family’s appearance on “60 Minutes. ” Presumably that won’t happen any more. But brands need personalities to succeed, at whatever price point, and those personalities derive most easily from, well, a person. A scenario in which Ivanka Trump the brand removes Ms. Trump utterly from its identity is hard to imagine. Though to be fair, the brand’s website is adorned with images and line drawings of many different kinds of women and not with Ms. Trump, so it may be possible. Either way, this is another illustration of the multiple complicated issues that are going to arise with a member of the first family who also had designs on being a fashion brand. There’s really no playbook for this, as the Ivanka team  —   figuring it out as it goes along  —   is quick to remind. In which case, the clothes question should be the next piece of the puzzle to be solved."
296,17615,Game Over: These Guys Are No Longer Big Sports Fans - The New York Times,New York Times,Sridhar Pappu,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"You would be   to find someone more devoted to the Cleveland Browns than Jeff Stemler. He exulted over the wins. After losses, he was so angry that he couldn’t speak. The team was part of his identity. It started in his childhood, when the quarterback Brian Sipe led the Browns to improbable   victories. As an adult, Mr. Stemler became a   holder. He cried when the team moved to Baltimore in 1995, and he found love again when the National Football League awarded Cleveland with a new Browns franchise in 1998. But somehow, after hundreds of Sundays at the stadium or in the television glow, it all came to an end. It wasn’t because the Browns were bad, necessarily. It was something else. Something deeper. Mr. Stemler, a    landscape supplies salesman in Columbus, Ohio, pinpoints the moment to a Sunday in October 2014, when the Browns thumped the Pittsburgh Steelers,  . As giddy fans spoke of a new era in Cleveland, Mr. Stemler felt nothing. “Is this really what makes me happy?” he asked himself. “Everyone is going nuts, and I’m just kind of sitting there,” Mr. Stemler added. “I remember this guy looking at me and asking: ‘What’s wrong? Why aren’t you excited? ’” The strange feeling did not go away. “I think I have gotten to a point in my life where I need to let things go that don’t bring me enjoyment,” he said. “I think as you get older, you realize you don’t hang on to things that don’t bring you joy. If it’s not making me happy, then why do it? Don’t just do it because you feel like you should be doing it. That’s what I was doing  —   I was going up every Sunday for the Browns, and I was dreading it. ” Most fans develop a bond with a team as children. For reasons that may go unquestioned, they stick with it, no matter the emotional toll. In the view of the New Yorker writer and editor Roger Angell, our connection to sports is ultimately tied to caring: “deeply and passionately, really caring  —   which is a capacity or an emotion that has almost gone out of our lives,” he wrote in 1975. But then there are those fans who begin to question why they care so much. Once doubt takes hold, they wonder why they spend so much time and emotion on mere games. Before they know it, they are on a path that takes them away from the majority culture for whom sports adulation is the norm. Julio Guerrero, 33, was an impressionable boy when the quarterback Brett Favre came on the scene for the Green Bay Packers in 1992. As Favre gave new life to the Packers, Mr. Guerrero, who lives in Milwaukee and manages a call center, became devoted to the team and joined the Sunday ritual that defines football fandom. “You don’t miss a game unless you have like a really special family function, like a wedding or a funeral,” he said. “That is part of your Sunday. It’s part of the culture. It’s what you do. You go to work five days a week and you make sure you watch the Packers. ” Mr. Guerrero embraced Favre’s style of play. Here was an unruly kid from Mississippi who won over Green Bay fans with his gunslinger style and led the team to a Super Bowl victory. It seemed as if the fun would go on forever. But when Favre left the Packers in 2008, Mr. Guerrero sensed his devotion starting to wane. Somehow he couldn’t relate to Favre’s successor, Aaron Rodgers, and he realized his fandom had reached an end when he wasn’t thrilled by the Packers’ Super Bowl victory in 2011. He no longer spends his Sundays in front of the TV. He has become the guy at work who can’t talk about the game on Monday morning. He has built a new life for himself that doesn’t include football. “I think the new set of friends I have are more into music and movies and arts, which is more of what I am into these days,” Mr. Guerrero said. “I don’t really feel that connected anymore to people who go to the bar and watch the football game every Sunday. ” Even before he attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Robert McNees lived for its basketball team, the Tar Heels. Now an associate professor of physics at Loyola University Chicago, he can still see a freshman named Michael Jordan hitting the game winner against Georgetown in the 1982 N. C. A. A. tournament championship game. Dr. McNees’s affection for the team lasted well after he graduated. But as he grew older, he began to realize that much of his emotional attachment was bound to his fond memories of his college days. His moment of reckoning came in 2012. After holding a   lead with two and a half minutes to go against Duke, North Carolina ended up losing at the buzzer. Dr. McNees was inconsolable. Then he started to question himself. “I was bummed out after that,” he said. “Then I was bummed out about the fact that I was so bummed out about it. Why? These are two groups of   to    playing a game. It should not have that much of an impact on a grown man. ” Dr. McNees, 43, decided to take a step back. He has not sworn off the Tar Heels altogether, but he no longer watches every game. And when he does, he is careful not to allow the outcome to ruin his day. Finding that kind of middle ground is not an option for most fans, including Rob Jordan, a    lawyer in Manhattan. As a child, he had posters of the baseball stars Ken Griffey Jr. and Mike Piazza on the walls of his bedroom. As Mike Schmidt cried while announcing his retirement at a 1989 news conference, Mr. Jordan wept right along with him. His fandom deepened with the rise of fantasy sports. He became well versed in even the most obscure baseball, basketball and football players, and he said he won thousands of dollars as a result of his expertise. About the time he turned 30, he decided that fantasy sports was no longer the best use of his time. And it wasn’t a big step from cutting out fantasy to leaving behind sports fandom altogether. Recently, Mr. Jordan gave up cable TV, meaning he no longer has access to ESPN. He didn’t bother to watch an inning of the 2016 World Series  —   not even Game 7, which was viewed by 40 million  —   although it was broadcast on network television. “I think there was a point where I consciously looked around and said, ‘Hey, I can keep admiring and celebrating the accomplishments of somebody else for a minimal amount of   entertainment value, or I can better allocate that time toward my own dreams and projects,’” Mr. Jordan said. “Clearly, I came out on the side of the latter. ” “It got to a point where even seeing a grown man in his   wearing a jersey with some other name on the back struck me as immature and odd,” he added. “You say, ‘Come on man, grow up. ’”"
297,17616,Twin Strands of Music and Compassion Run Through a Life - The New York Times,New York Times,John Otis,2017-01-12,2017.0,1.0,,"The power of song has run through Benita Rudolph’s life. At 8, she joined the choir at the church in Malvern, Ark. where her father was a pastor. By 11, she was composing her own music on a small keyboard her father had given her. “There’s a joy that you feel when you see people’s faces,” Ms. Rudolph said. “It was kind of amazing to me, really, to see them thinking, ‘No, that cannot be you.’ They didn’t connect my voice to the little girl. ” Ms. Rudolph, 44, enjoyed a mostly happy childhood, but a sadness seeped into her life after her parents separated when she was a teenager. She felt a disconnection from her mother, which became more pronounced after the separation. “The teenage years, a daughter needs her mother there are things they want to ask about, they are curious about,” she said. She said she struggled without her mother’s guidance, sought out love where she should not have. She became pregnant at 18 with her daughter Deandra. Ms. Rudolph’s father absorbed the news with his signature grace he was always a source of unconditional support. In her early 20s, Ms. Rudolph joined a production of the gospel musical “My Grandmother Prayed for Me,” as an understudy in two roles. The job took her to New York City in the 1990s. Deandra was left in the care of her paternal grandparents. Ms. Rudolph’s excitement was as fleeting as her success. After a few months, Ms. Rudolph returned to Arkansas. She married and had a second daughter, Dominique. Music remained her passion, but she embarked on a different career, a decision made after her father died in 2004 of congestive heart failure related to his diabetes. He had encouraged her to share her compassionate nature with others. For years Ms. Rudolph worked as a nurse’s assistant, with hopes of eventually pursuing a nursing degree. One of her patients was an elderly man with skin cancer. She soothed his pain with song he taught her about the stock market. In early 2014, after years apart, she returned to his side when his cancer returned. His family asked Ms. Rudolph to sing at his funeral in Atlanta. She not only honored the request, but Ms. Rudolph also decided to remain in Georgia with Dominque to see what opportunities they might find. She and her husband had separated in 2010, and money became so scarce that the family was on the brink of homelessness. She did not want Dominique to experience that despair, so she sent her to live with her father in Arkansas. “That was the hardest decision I ever made, to see her go,” Ms. Rudolph said. “But all I could think about was her opportunities to come. I wanted her to have the best in life. ” A short time later, a former producer called her to say that “My Grandmother Prayed for Me” was restarting a national tour in January 2015. Ms. Rudolph returned to the roles she played as an understudy years ago and added a third, on a tour that ended in New York. After the show ended, Ms. Rudolph faced a choice: Return to the South or stay in New York. “I’m not going back,” Ms. Rudolph said. “There’s something here for me to do. I don’t know what it is I’m going to figure this thing out. ” Without a place to stay, she wound up in a shelter in the summer of 2015. The decision to remain in New York came with consequences, especially missing holidays with her family, but she does not regret it. Through a caseworker, Ms. Rudolph learned about ACE Programs for the Homeless, a partner organization of Community Service Society, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. With the help of an employment training program, she got a job as a street cleaner and spent that summer picking up trash on sweltering, smelly streets. “It kept me humble, what I was doing,” she said. In August 2015, Ms. Rudolph landed a   job as a customer service agent for an airline at La Guardia Airport. Ms. Rudolph also completed a   certified nursing assistant program. Community Service Society used $394 in Neediest Cases funds to pay for the nursing classes at the Manhattan Institute. It also gave her $62 for MetroCards to commute to school. In the spring, she will begin a yearlong licensed practical nurse program at AMG School of Licensed Practical Nursing in Brooklyn. But before that, her focus is on the next big career step. Ms. Rudolph recently accepted an acting role in an independent film, “A Way With Anger,” which is set to begin shooting in Charlotte, N. C. later this month. “Looking back on my life, it’s amazing that I kept the faith and kept the courage and just kept moving forward despite different things that might set you back,” she said."
298,17617,House Clears Path for Repeal of Health Law - The New York Times,New York Times,Thomas Kaplan and Robert Pear,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   The House cleared the way on Friday for speedy action to repeal the Affordable Care Act, putting Congress on track to undo the most significant health care law in a  . With a near   vote of 227 to 198, the House overcame the opposition of Democrats and the anxieties of some Republicans to approve a budget blueprint that allows Republicans to end major provisions of President Obama’s health care law without the threat of a Democratic filibuster in the Senate.   Donald J. Trump, Speaker Paul D. Ryan and other Republican leaders now face a much bigger challenge: devising their own plan to ensure broad access to health care and coverage while controlling costs. While their party is far from a consensus on how to replace the health care law  —   under which more than 20 million Americans have gained health insurance  —   they will need votes from Democrats in the Senate to enact a robust replacement plan. Republicans have argued that Americans have been crushed by soaring premiums and other unintended effects of the law, which was adopted without any Republican votes. “This is a critical first step toward delivering relief to Americans who are struggling under this law,” Mr. Ryan said, adding, “This experiment has failed. ” Democrats warned that repeal of the health law would cause hardship for millions of Americans and create chaos in insurance markets and in the health care system, which accounts for about 18 percent of the nation’s economy. “If we go down this path, we won’t have repeal and replace,” said Representative John Yarmuth of Kentucky, the senior Democrat on the House Budget Committee. “What we’ll have is repeal and repent because we’re going to owe a huge apology to the American people for the damage that we cause. ” Representative Suzan DelBene of Washington, a Democrat, said, “There’s still no plan for what comes next, threatening massive disruption to the entire health care system. ” In the days before the House vote, some conservative Republicans, as well as moderates, expressed discomfort about signing off on the budget blueprint without having a clearer picture of how and when Republican leaders planned to replace the health care law. Nine House Republicans ended up voting against the budget measure on Friday. No Democrats voted for it. The Senate approved the same measure early Thursday by a vote of 51 to 48. The House and Senate votes this week  —   essentially procedural steps  —   represented the first of several moves that Republicans plan to make as they work to unwind the health care law. In the coming weeks, they say, they will try to devise a replacement, working closely with Mr. Trump and his choice to lead the Department of Health and Human Services, Representative Tom Price of Georgia. Four committees  —   two in the Senate, two in the House  —   will write language repealing major provisions of the 2010 health law. The resulting legislation can be passed with simple majorities in both chambers, and will be immune to a Democratic filibuster in the Senate. Then, Republicans say, they will pass one or more   bills to replace selected provisions of the Affordable Care Act. In the Senate, where Republicans hold 52 seats, they will need help from Democrats to reach the 60 votes necessary to approve such legislation. Mr. Trump voiced support this week for repealing and replacing the health care law “essentially simultaneously,” though it remained to be seen if Republicans in the Senate can win enough Democratic support to adopt a replacement for the existing health care law, given the need to reach 60 votes. In the House debate on Friday, Republicans and Democrats offered wildly differing views of health care and health insurance. Representative Jason Lewis of Minnesota, a   Republican, said he had firsthand experience with the Affordable Care Act. “Minnesotans have seen their health insurance choices shrink while their premiums,   and deductibles skyrocket,” Mr. Lewis said. “I should know. For the last, in fact, over five years, I’ve been in the individual market, and my own insurance premiums have nearly tripled, and I’ve gone through three insurers. Minnesotans have seen a 50 to 67 percent increase in the premium cost this year alone. ” The House Democratic leader, Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, who helped engineer passage of the health law, defended it on Friday, saying that every American benefited. “The Republicans are feeding their ideological obsession with repealing the A. C. A. and dismantling the health and economic security of   families,” Ms. Pelosi said. For six years, she said, Republicans have had the chance to put forth an alternative, but “we’ve seen nothing. ” Echoing their colleagues in the Senate, Democrats asked how Republicans planned to go about replacing the Affordable Care Act  —   a complex, arduous task, as Democrats know from their own experience developing and passing the health law in the first place. “When you put pen to paper, all hell is going to break loose on your side,” said Representative Peter Welch, Democrat of Vermont. Democrats also tried to draw attention to what they said would be the devastating consequences of repealing the health care law. Over and over, after a Republican member spoke out against the law, Mr. Yarmuth offered several data points specific to the member’s home state, including how many people would lose their health coverage. Republicans, though, were eager to deliver on a central campaign promise. “The public has rendered judgment on this health care law,” said Representative John Shimkus of Illinois. The differing views among House members on Friday foreshadowed the acrimony that is all but certain in the weeks to come, as Republicans press ahead with their repeal efforts over Democrats’ strenuous objections. So far, lawmakers have shown some creativity in trying to explain the wisdom  —   or lack of wisdom  —   in moving forward with a repeal. On Friday, Representative Drew Ferguson of Georgia, a freshman Republican, likened the health care law to a goat that had been let loose in a person’s home. “Now for six years, that goat has been messing in and destroying my house,” he said. “I want to renovate my house, but before I can, I have to get the goat out of the house before it does any more damage. It makes no sense to start fixing up my house until we get the goat out. ” Voting for the measure on Friday, Mr. Ferguson said, would get rid of the goat."
299,17618,"The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear - The New York Times",New York Times,Margot Sanger-Katz,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"It looks like the beginning of the end for Obamacare as we know it. After years of vowing to repeal the Affordable Care Act, as it is formally known, Republican lawmakers in both chambers of Congress have now passed a bill that will make it easier to gut the law. Because they are using a special budget process, Republicans won’t be able to repeal all provisions of the health law. But it seems like a good time to look at the major changes Obamacare brought to health care, which of those changes may now disappear, and what might replace them. An important note: We still don’t know the details of a repeal bill, and passage is not guaranteed. But Republicans passed a similar package in 2015, vetoed by President Obama, that provides a rough template. Republicans have also said they hope to make further changes through additional legislation. We’ll provide updates when new legislative language arrives, expected in several weeks.  The health law reduced the number of uninsured Americans by an estimated 20 million people from 2010 to 2016. One of the primary ways it did so was by creating online markets where people who didn’t get insurance through work or the government could shop for a health plan from a private insurer. The law offered subsidies for Americans with lower incomes to help pay their premiums and deductibles. What would happen? The Republican bill is expected to eliminate the subsidies. This would make insurance unaffordable for millions of Americans and sharply reduce the number who buy their own health coverage. With many fewer people buying coverage, the insurance markets are likely to become increasingly unstable. Many insurers will stop offering policies, and the remaining customers are likely to be sicker than current Obamacare buyers, a reality that will drive up the cost of insurance for everyone who buys it, and force more people out of the markets. The Urban Institute estimates that the change would cause a total of 22. 5 million people to lose their health insurance. What might replace it? Separate legislation may include some new form of subsidy to help people afford insurance. Plans from House Speaker Paul Ryan and the budget committee chairman Tom Price,   Donald J. Trump’s pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services, would both offer a flat tax credit to help buy insurance that varies by age. A proposal from the House Republican Study Committee would give all Americans a standard tax deduction to buy insurance. The health law provided federal funds for states to offer Medicaid coverage to anyone earning less than about $16, 000 for a single person or $33, 000 for a family of four. Not every state chose to expand, but most did. What would happen? The Republican plan is expected to eliminate federal funding for the expansion. An estimated 12. 9 million people would lose Medicaid coverage, according to the Urban Institute’s projections. What might replace it? Republican leaders have discussed reforming the remaining Medicaid program to give states more autonomy and to reduce future federal investment. One of the law’s signature features prevents insurance companies from denying coverage or charging a higher price to someone with a   health problem. The law included a host of other protections for all health plans: a ban on setting a lifetime limit on how much an insurer has to pay to cover someone a requirement that insurers offer a minimum package of benefits a guarantee that preventive health services be covered without a   a cap on insurance company profits and limits on how much more insurers can charge older people than younger people. The law also required insurance plans to allow adult children to stay on their parents’ policies until age 26. What would happen? These rules can’t be changed using the special budget process, so they would stay in place for now. But eliminating some of the other provisions, like the subsidies, and leaving the insurance rules could create turmoil in the insurance markets, since sick customers would have a much stronger incentive to stay covered when premiums rise. . What might replace it? Mr. Trump has said that he’d like to keep the law’s policies on   conditions and family coverage for young adults, but Senate Republicans recently voted against nonbinding resolutions to preserve those measures, suggesting they may be less committed. Some of the other provisions would probably be on the table if there were new legislation. Republicans in Congress would probably eliminate rules that require a minimum package of benefits for all insurance plans and allow states to determine what insurers would have to include. Mr. Trump has said he’d like to encourage the sale of insurance across state lines, a policy likely to make coverage more skimpy but less expensive for many customers. Republicans would also like to expand tax incentives for people to save money for health expenses. Many of the Republican proposals would also establish     pools, which would provide subsidized insurance options for people with chronic health problems who wouldn’t be able to buy insurance without rules forcing insurers to sell them coverage. To ensure that enough healthy people entered insurance markets, the law included mandates to encourage broader coverage. Large employers that failed to offer affordable coverage, or individuals who failed to obtain insurance, could be charged a tax penalty. What would happen? The bill is expected to eliminate the mandates. Some experts think that eliminating the individual mandate, in particular, could destabilize insurance markets by reducing incentives for healthy people to buy coverage. The mandate had less of an impact on the employers, which had already been offering coverage. What might replace it? Some Republican plans would allow insurers to charge much higher rates to customers who allow their coverage to lapse than to those who renew their policies every year. Such a system might provide a different financial incentive for healthy people to stay insured. To help pay for the law’s coverage expansion, it raised taxes on several players in the health industry and on   earners. What would happen? The G. O. P. package may roll back those tax increases, though there is some disagreement among Republican lawmakers about the deficit impact of such changes. What might replace it? Republicans have not discussed raising new taxes to replace those in the Affordable Care Act. But some of their plans would limit the tax benefits offered to people who get their health insurance through work. That change would increase tax revenues, but would increase the cost of health insurance for many people who get it through work. The law cut the annual pay raises Medicare gives hospitals and reduced the fees Medicare pays private insurance companies. It created new incentives for hospitals and doctors to improve quality. It also set up a special office to run experiments in how Medicare pays doctors and hospitals for health care services. Those experiments are now widespread and have begun changing the way medicine is practiced in some places. What would happen? The new legislation is expected to leave these changes alone, even though many have come under criticism by Republicans in Congress over the years, including from Mr. Price, an orthopedic surgeon. Many of the experiments could be reshaped or eliminated through regulation or through a future budget process. What might replace it? Republicans in Congress have long talked about even more ambitious changes to Medicare, intended to move more beneficiaries into private insurance coverage. Mr. Trump has said that he does not want to make major changes to Medicare, so it is unclear if such a proposal would move forward. Obamacare had a range of policies meant to improve health and health care, including requirements that drug companies report payments made to physicians, a provision written by the Iowa senator Chuck Grassley, a Republican a requirement that chain restaurants publish calorie counts on their menus and a rule that large employers must provide a space for women to express breast milk. What would happen? When Republicans talk about repealing Obamacare, they tend to focus on the parts of the law that expanded insurance coverage and regulated health insurance products, not these ancillary parts. That means that portions of the Affordable Care Act that people don’t associate with the word “Obamacare” are likely to endure."
300,17619,Trump National Security Adviser Called Russian Envoy Day Before Sanctions Were Imposed - The New York Times,New York Times,"Julie Hirschfeld Davis, Christopher Drew, Nicholas Fandos and Jeremy W. Peters",2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"■ The national security adviser appointed by   Donald J. Trump called a Russian envoy the day before sanctions were imposed on Russia for meddling in the election. ■ The “conscience of the House”  —   the civil rights hero John Lewis  —   does not believe Mr. Trump will be a legitimate president. Not a good start. ■ The great potty coverup on The Mall: does the   not want “Don’s Johns” visible on Inauguration Day? ■ And readers get a chance to say what they would ask Mr. Trump’s E. P. A. pick, Scott Pruitt. Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, who will be Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, spoke with Sergei I. Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, the day before President Obama imposed sanctions on Russia for election hacking, to arrange a phone call between President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and Mr. Trump once he becomes president, a Trump spokesman said Friday. Mr. Flynn’s secret call did not violate the law, Mr. Trump’s spokesman said. But under the circumstances, it is bound to raise eyebrows. “The call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the   after he was sworn in, and they exchanged logistical information,” Sean Spicer, Mr. Trump’s spokesman, told reporters on a conference call on Friday. “That was it, plain and simple. ” Several news organizations reported on Thursday on the calls between the two men. David Ignatius of The Washington Post suggested it could have violated the Logan Act, a    law that bars American citizens from negotiating without authorization with foreign governments that have a dispute with the United States. Mr. Spicer said General Flynn had initially reached out to Mr. Kislyak via text message on Christmas Day to wish him a happy holiday and to say that he looked forward to working with him in the coming administration. The ambassador sent a text back returning the sentiment, he added. The Russian envoy followed up on Dec. 28 with another text that asked if he could call General Flynn, and the two spoke, Mr. Spicer said. The call, which came the day before Mr. Obama announced penalties for Russia, including the expulsion from the United States of 35 Russian diplomats, never touched on the sanctions, Mr. Spicer said. It was bad enough that a new Gallup poll on Friday morning found that only 44 percent of Americans approve of the way Mr. Trump has handled his transition  —   compared with 83 percent who approved of President Obama’s transition and 61 percent who approved of George W. Bush’s. That followed a Quinnipiac University poll this week that put Mr. Trump’s approval rating at 37 percent. But now, Representative John Lewis, Democrat of Georgia and a hero of the civil rights movement, is flat out saying he doesn’t see Mr. Trump “as a legitimate president. ” Elected Democrats are not only boasting of skipping the inauguration but are pledging to join the massive protest march that will follow on Jan. 21. Needless to say, this is not a good way to start a presidency. They are calling it the potty   of the 2017 inauguration. The Associated Press reported on Friday that workers preparing the Capitol grounds and National Mall for the inauguration of Mr. Trump have altered the portable toilets being set up to accommodate attendees, apparently to spare the ego of the  . The toilets are provided by the equipment rental company Don’s Johns. But on Friday, a Capitol employee was photographed covering the company’s logo with blue masking tape, and later, dozens of the   appeared to have been altered that way. The company’s chief executive said he had no idea why his logo had been covered, telling the AP “we’re proud to have our name on the units. ” It appears, however, that a certain somebody else is not. On the campaign trail, Mr. Trump promised that with his   skills, we’d be winning so much, we’d get tired of winning. Marillyn Hewson, the chief executive of Lockheed Martin, which makes the   fighter jet, delivered the latest victory: the cost will come down, as Mr. Trump has demanded. After meeting with the   she told reporters at Trump Tower, “I’m glad I had the opportunity to tell him that we are close to a deal that will bring the cost down significantly from the previous lot of aircraft to the next lot of aircraft, and moreover it’s going to bring a lot of jobs to the United States. ” She added: This is a bit of corporate spin for the incoming commander in chief’s benefit. Shortly before the election in November, the Pentagon had imposed a price cut on the last group of   because Lockheed wouldn’t budge. Then the Defense Department began negotiating the price for the next lot, and Lockheed understood that if it tried to fight another price cut, the Pentagon would have imposed it again. Attorney General Scott Pruitt of Oklahoma, who spent years suing the Environmental Protection Agency to thwart its regulations, especially those that combat climate change, will appear before the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee on Wednesday for a hearing to confirm him as head of the agency. The hearing promises to be among the most contentious of all the confirmation grillings, so The New York Times is reaching out to readers: What should senators ask Mr. Pruitt? The election was more than two months ago, the Electoral College ballots have been certified and the inauguration is a week away, but the   has not gone beyond campaign mode when it comes to Hillary Clinton. After the decision by the Justice Department inspector general to investigate James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, over his actions in the final days of the campaign, Mr. Trump went on a tirade. The leap to “guilty as hell” was a big one. The investigation will center on why Mr. Comey sent a public letter to Congress in the last days of the campaign announcing that the F. B. I. was reopening the Clinton emails investigation after discovering other messages on the laptop of Anthony D. Weiner, the estranged husband of Huma Abedin, a top Clinton aide. Days later, Mr. Comey announced that the computer held no incriminating evidence. On Twitter on Friday morning, Mr. Trump again brought up the unsubstantiated, explosive dossier that a retired British intelligence agent compiled from information that he said Russia possesses. Mr. Trump likes to dismiss the “failing New York Times,” but he clearly reads it closely. The Times published a lengthy history of the dossier in question that traces it to Republican and Democratic operatives who helped bankroll it to stop Mr. Trump’s election. Left unsaid are the respectable credentials of the British spy, Christopher Steele, or the fact that he is now in hiding, fearing retribution. By now, Mr. Trump’s   concert has become a kind of reality show unto itself, marked by rumors of stars, leaks to the press, and occasional promises of an unforgettable show on the eve of the  ’s swearing in. The final details are in and the affair looks to be  —   well, you decide. The concert is actually two. The first portion of the evening, “Voices of the People,” will feature performances by small groups from across the country. Think more D. C. Fire Department Emerald Society Pipes and Drums and Webelos Troop 177 than Beyoncé. The   have been reserved for the second part, which will be televised across the country and feature remarks by Mr. Trump himself. This part of the evening, “Make America Great Again! Welcome Celebration,” looks to be heavy on country music  —   Toby Keith, Lee Greenwood, and a group calling itself the Frontmen of Country  —   with some 1980s Broadway (Jennifer Holliday) rock (3 Doors Down) and a D. J. (RaviDrums) mixed in. Jon Voight, the    actor who narrated a video for Mr. Trump during the campaign, will serve as M. C. And a fireworks show by Grucci will close out the evening. And in case you were wondering, a news release announcing the details boasted that the show “is produced and directed by Emmy Award winners and nominees. ” That would include Mark Burnett, the acclaimed reality television producer who worked with Mr. Trump on “The Apprentice” and has helped plan the inaugural festivities. One of Mr. Trump’s most provocative and persistent antagonists, Cher, is leading a new boycott of the   that aims to hit him where he will most certainly feel it: his Nielsen ratings. Under the Twitter hashtag “TURNHIMOFF,” Cher began Thursday night circulating her plea for people who oppose Mr. Trump to turn off their televisions when his inaugural festivities begin next Friday. “Ratings are what he understands,” the singer and actress said in a phone interview. Cher’s Twitter feed became one of the most animated and popular sources of   sentiment during the election. And the ferocity that she  —   a    megacelebrity with nearly 3. 2 million Twitter followers  —   used to go after Mr. Trump seemed to perfectly capture what a surreal turn American politics took in 2016. Senior national security officials for President Obama are hosting their counterparts on   Trump’s team on Friday for a   exercise at the White House intended to practice the response to a major domestic or international emergency. The session, similar to one that George W. Bush’s staff held in the restricted Situation Room for Mr. Obama’s team just days before he was inaugurated in 2009, aims to familiarize the incoming president’s team with the protocols and practices the federal government uses in a crisis. Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said it would simulate what happens during “major domestic incidents,” including natural disasters. In the exercise in 2009, top Bush administration officials walked Mr. Obama’s aides through what would happen in the event of an attack involving a series of explosions detonating in a number of American cities simultaneously. Maybe the new White House will conclude what “WarGames,” that 1980s movie, said about fighting a nuclear war: “The only winning move is not to play. ” Mr. Trump’s foray onto social media Friday morning wasn’t all anger and spittle. He praised his cabinet picks’ performances before the Senate  —   which have gone well, on the whole  —   and the progress Congress is making toward gutting the Affordable Care Act. And: The House is likely to give final approval on Friday to parliamentary language that would allow Congress to eviscerate President Obama’s signature domestic achievement with a simple Senate majority this spring, and without fear of a Democratic filibuster. What comes next is uncertain, and of grave concern to the 20 million Americans now covered by the health law and the millions more protected by its prohibitions on discrimination for   medical conditions and lifetime coverage caps. From the department of mixed messages: The House speaker said on Thursday that the United States would not send out a large force to remove thousands of unauthorized immigrants any time soon. “It’s not happening,” Mr. Ryan said during a CNN town   meeting in Washington, where a woman whose parents brought her to the United States at age 11  —   a category of people often referred to as “dreamers”  —   asked him, “Do you think that I should be deported?” Mr. Ryan said that Mr. Trump’s promise of a deportation force would not come to fruition. “I can see that you love your daughter and you’re a nice person who has a great future ahead of you,” he said, “and I hope your future’s here. ” When the moderator, Jake Tapper, reminded Mr. Ryan of the  ’s campaign promise to create a “deportation force,” Mr. Ryan said, “I know, I know. ” He continued, “But I’m here to tell you, in Congress, it’s not happening. ” Mr. Ryan has long supported an immigration plan that would mix new border security measures with protections for some unauthorized immigrants, but he has had little luck getting other Republican members of the House to join him."
301,17620,Steve Harvey Talks Housing With President-Elect Trump - The New York Times,New York Times,Sopan Deb,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"Steve Harvey, the comedian and television host, became the latest celebrity to ascend Trump Tower on Friday to discuss federal policy with   Donald Trump, in this case housing issues. But before Mr. Harvey was off the premises, he unexpectedly revived a recent controversy over his comments about Asian men. After the meeting, Mr. Trump and Mr. Harvey briefly appeared together in the lobby. When Mr. Trump left, Mr. Harvey said they had discussed ways he could work with Ben Carson, Mr. Trump’s nominee to run the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Mr. Harvey has spoken openly in the past of being homeless as an adult while struggling to start his comedy career, though he gave no reason on Friday for why he was consulted on housing affairs. Mr. Harvey said he was invited a week ago by “both transition teams,” referring to representatives of President Obama and Mr. Trump, and emphasized that the visit was informal. “Well, you know it’s not my jump into politics,” Mr. Harvey said. “I ain’t gonna pass a background check. It’s just me following orders from my friend President Obama who said, ‘Steve, you gotta,’ as he told everybody, ‘get out from behind your computer, stop tweeting and texting and get out there and sit down and talk. ’” The Trump team confirmed the invitation. The White House did not comment. Mr. Harvey announced his support for Mr. Trump’s opponent, Hillary Clinton, last March in the presidential primaries. In September, during an interview with her on “The Steve Harvey Morning Show” on iHeartRadio, he said: “She’s a mother, she’s a grandmother, and we’re going to put her back in the White House, just flat out. Simply put. ” This was just the latest     crossover for Mr. Trump during his transition. Last month the   surprised reporters at Trump Tower by posing for photographs in the lobby with Kanye West. For Mr. Harvey’s part, he said that the incoming president was “a great guy” and “genuine. ” He deflected questions about Mr. Trump’s history of questionable comments regarding race from the campaign trail, and was diplomatic about his doubts about Mr. Trump. “You don’t kill it with one conversation, but you can start it with the conversation,” Mr. Harvey said. “So, you know, a lot about what people say, ‘Now, well, it’s time to see what you do.’ And he said he wanted to do something. ” Mr. Harvey also mentioned a controversy in which, during his television show last week, he mocked the dating skills of Asian men. At Trump Tower, Mr. Harvey said, unprompted, that he hadn’t laughed recently as a result of the controversy. “I ain’t been laughing that much over the past few days,” Mr. Harvey said. “They’re kinda beating me up on the internet right now for no reason. But, you know, that’s life, ain’t it?” After the meeting, Mr. Harvey put out a message on Twitter, saying that he found Mr. Trump “congenial and sincere” and that he would “sit with him anytime. ” Here are some edited excerpts from Mr. Harvey’s conversation with reporters in Trump Tower: REPORTER: There have been a lot of doubts about this administration about race. Jeff Sessions, his record in Alabama, some of the things the   said during the campaign about the inner cities. Are your doubts fully gone or are you going to still try and work them out? STEVE HARVEY: Well, I mean, you know, look, you don’t kill it with one conversation, but you can start it with the conversation. So, you know, a lot about what people say, now, well, it’s time to see what you do. And he said he wanted to do something. You can’t beat better than that. You know, and so, we’re gonna see. I’ve been put in contact with Ben Carson, which was great, I spoke with him. And so, we’re gonna get some things started, and they have a plan for the inner cities but they need help. And so, that’s why they called me. So we’ll see what I can do. REPORTER: Do you have any lingering things you still want to talk further about, that you’re still concerned about, you haven’t heard quite what you wanted to hear yet? HARVEY: Well, I mean for this, we got off to a great start. I think it could be the beginning of something. For them to invite me here to talk about a specific problem and thought that I might be able to help  —   I know I got a big radio show, I got a lot of people listening every morning. So I’ve always been concerned about inner city problems because they’re huge. My mentoring problem, excuse me, my mentoring program has been a part of this type of  —   and that’s what I want to see happen. And they were spot on with it. And Ben Carson got on the phone. I met with him over the phone today, but I sat with   Trump and we laughed a little bit. I ain’t been laughing that much over the past few days. They’re kinda beating me up on the internet right now for no reason. But, you know, that’s life, ain’t it? REPORTER: What did you laugh over? HARVEY: Well we talked about golf. We laughed about my score in golf, his score in golf, we talked about some of the friends that we have in common. Mark Burnett. Talked about TV shows. Things like that. He’s a fan. So he’s seen it. I met his daughter, she was very sweet. So I think we’re off to a good start."
302,17621,Jennifer Holliday Plans to Sing at Trump’s Inauguration ‘for the People’ - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael Paulson,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"Jennifer Holliday sang for the Reagans. She sang for the Bushes (father and son). And she sang for the Clintons. So when the planners of this year’s presidential inauguration reached out to the   singer this week to ask if she would sing during a welcome concert the day before Donald J. Trump is to be sworn in as president, she said yes. “I’m singing on the mall for the people,” she said. “I don’t have a dog in this fight  —   I’m just a singer, and it’s a welcome concert for the people on the mall. ” Ms. Holliday, speaking during a telephone interview Friday afternoon, said she had not supported Mr. Trump’s candidacy  —   “I voted for Mrs. Clinton, and they knew that. ” But, she said, “if someone wants me to sing a national anthem or something, we think about America, and we go. ” Ms. Holliday sounded certain about her choice, but her spokesman, William Carpenter, suggested in a subsequent email that the decision was not set in stone. “I just spoke to her and she still hadn’t made up her mind about doing the event,” he wrote. Ms. Holliday is a Broadway icon, renowned for her performance as Effie in the original cast of “Dreamgirls,” and she returned to Broadway this season as a replacement Shug Avery in the revival of “The Color Purple. ” The final performance of that show was Sunday, and the Clintons were in the audience. Ms. Holliday said she was asked on Wednesday if she would sing at the concert scheduled for Jan. 19, and she agreed, seeing the request as similar to those she received to sing at the White House during past Republican and Democratic presidencies. “I just thought of the history part of it, and about singing on the mall where Marian Anderson paved the way for me to sing as a black American,” she said, referring to a 1939 concert that Ms. Anderson, a popular singer, performed from the Lincoln Memorial after being denied permission to sing at Constitution Hall because she was black. Ms. Holliday said she had been startled and disheartened on Friday by the venom that greeted the news of her participation. “It brought a lot of threats from people already saying I’ll never work again,” she said. “If that’s what America has come to, where we all hate and bully people, there’s no more freedom of speech. ” She added, “I know everybody hates me now, but that shows we are all just hateful people now  —   we don’t even want to work together. ” And, she said, “If it’s the end of everything for me, then it has to be the end of everything for me. I would hope that’s not how it ends up, but right now I would like to be a part of a welcoming part of America. If we’re only going to let Trump be the face of America, I say let’s not let him be the only face of America  —   someone else could stand and show a light of love or hope or forgiveness. ” She noted that the Carters and the Clintons, as well as the Obamas, are expected at the inauguration. “We’ve become such a polarized country  —   we’re not listening to what the Obamas have said,” she said. “They told us to move forward with hope  —   they didn’t tell us to stop participating  —   I didn’t hear that in Obama’s speech. ” Ms. Holliday said she did not see herself, or her singing, as political, a sentiment echoed by Jackie Evancho, the      singer who will perform the national anthem at Mr. Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20. “I just kind of thought that this is for my country,” Ms. Evancho said. “So if people are going to hate on me it’s for the wrong reason. ” Ms. Holliday said her goal is to support America: “Are we saying that if there is anything that could be done for America in four or eight years or however long Trump is there, we’re not supposed to participate or help anybody?” she asked. “Shouldn’t we all be praying for the success of America? I would like to sing some hope and have my voice not be associated with some kind of label, but I guess that’s where we are now. ”"
303,17622,"Donald Trump, Chicago Police: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times",New York Times,Karen Zraick and Lisa Iaboni,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. We’ll be off on Monday for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. See you Tuesday. 1. The House joined the Senate in laying the groundwork for speedy action to repeal the Affordable Care Act.   Donald J. Trump again attacked Hillary Clinton over her emails on Twitter. We took a look at the first cabinets of the past few presidents, and determined that Mr. Trump’s will be the least diverse since that of President Ronald Reagan. _____ 2. A Justice Department report found the Chicago police systematically violated the civil rights of residents, particularly   and Latinos, by using excessive force. The report came in the wake of the city’s highest murder rate in 20 years in 2016. In an effort to fix the problems, federal and city officials reached a preliminary agreement on changes to police practices. _____ 3. Takata pleaded guilty to charges stemming from its handling of defective airbags, and will pay $1 billion in penalties. Three of its executives face criminal charges. The airbags can rupture violently when they deploy. They have been linked to at least 11 deaths, which prompted the largest automotive recall in American history. _____ 4. Chelsea Manning is asking Mr. Obama to commute her sentence before he leaves office next week. Ms. Manning, who was an Army intelligence analyst known as Bradley Manning when she disclosed archives of secret military and diplomatic files to WikiLeaks in 2010, is serving a   sentence. She is struggling to transition to life as a woman in a male prison, and attempted suicide twice last year. _____ 5. China has banned child abuse at its infamous digital detox boot camps. There are just a few of the camps, but they’re known for harsh treatment, including beatings and electroshock therapy to get children offline. The law also sets a daily limit on how long minors can play online games at home or in internet cafes. _____ 6. Thousands of members of the New York Police Department attended the funeral of Officer Steven McDonald, who was paralyzed in a 1986 shooting but became a symbol of forgiveness and hope. Officer McDonald had less than two years on the job when he was shot by a    in Central Park. He publicly forgave his attacker and eventually traveled the globe, speaking of his Roman Catholic faith and the importance of compassion. He died on Tuesday at 59, several days after a heart attack. _____ 7. The U. S. Mint will release a commemorative gold coin featuring Lady Liberty as a black woman. It’s the first time that she’s been depicted as anything other than white on the nation’s currency. The coin will have a $100 face value and goes on sale April 6 to commemorate the 225th anniversary of the mint’s coin production. _____ 8. What’s the right time to put your home on the market? Whenever you want. A real estate article of faith once had it that   to   the start of the   spring season, was the best time to list a property. But now that everyone looks at listings online, realtors say the rules about timing have gone out the window. _____ 9. If one of your vacation goals is inspiring envy in others, you may want to bookmark these tips on how to take great travel photos. Make a list of key shots, shoot at sunrise and sunset and experiment with angles. And after all that planning, don’t forget to be spontaneous. _____ 10. Finally, we bring you the back story of the iconic image of Marilyn Monroe’s white dress fluttering up as she stands over a subway grate in “The Seven Year Itch. ” What made it into the movie was actually a reshoot of a discarded and more risqué scene filmed on the Upper East Side in the summer of 1954. The discarded version happened to also be captured on   film by an amateur filmmaker who lived nearby. Jules Schulback often talked about the footage, but no one saw it for 50 years, until he was 92 and his granddaughter found it. Have a great weekend. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com."
304,17623,California Today: Is the Drought Over? - The New York Times,New York Times,Mike McPhate,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"Good morning. (Want to get California Today by email? Here’s the  .) Let’s turn it over to Adam Nagourney, our Los Angeles bureau chief, for today’s introduction. LOS ANGELES  —   And on Thursday, it rained. Again. The arrival of another winter rain here, a wet end to a week that began with heavy snows in the Sierra Nevada, has begged a welcome question: Is the drought that punished California for six years over? No question California has turned a corner. There was more rain in Los Angeles in December than since the drought began for better and worse. The rain this week shut down Laurel Canyon Boulevard after the waterlogged porch of a house collapsed into the roadway, and flash flood warnings were issued in Los Angeles as storms swept back and forth across the area on Thursday evening. In Northern California, the storms produced extensive flooding in Sonoma County and around Sacramento  —   among the   parts of the state. Ski resorts reported that 12 feet of snow fell in Tahoe. Mudslides closed Interstate 80 as the storm passed through Sierra Nevada. At least five people have died, officials said. Reservoirs that were parched last year are close to capacity. The snowpack  —   which keeps the water flowing into the early summer as the snow melts  —   is 161 percent of normal. The United States Drought Monitor for this week reported that 42 percent of the state was out of drought conditions, compared with 3 percent last year. “In terms of surface water, most of California is no longer in drought,” wrote Jay Lund, the director of the Center for Watershed Sciences at the University of California in Davis. Still, winter is not even half over. Many years have started off wet and gone completely dry. Climate change has produced higher temperatures, which could melt away the snowpack before summer. And parts of the state remain dry. But after six years of mandatory conservation orders, there seems reason for celebration. “This series of storms has done more than make a dent in the drought, which is a huge relief,” said Felicia Marcus, the head of the State Water Resources Control Board. “But it’s a little early to have a drought’s over party. ” (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.) • Congratulations, Los Angeles, on getting the Chargers. Now you have two terrible football teams. [The New York Times] • The Chargers’ move will add even more money for owners amid growing uncertainties facing the league. [The New York Times] • As rains soak California, farmers are testing how to store water underground. [NPR] • A landmark study found marijuana to be an effective medicine, but with drawbacks. [San Francisco Chronicle] • Levi Felix, who wanted people to untangle themselves from technology, died in Pismo Beach. He was 32. [The New York Times] • An innovative development in Orange County will place homeless veterans in repurposed shipping containers. [Orange County Register] • It’s not just how berries taste, it’s how they’re perceived. A sensory analyst in Watsonville explains. [The New York Times] • No one understands our new era of   populism better than Bravo’s Andy Cohen. [The New York Times] • In East Hollywood, Virgil Normal is where the cool kids shop. [The New York Times] • A debut novel gets inside the heads of Marin County teenagers who have sharpened their claws on social media. [The New York Times] • The Daily 360 Video: At the border near San Diego, separated family members reunite through the fence. [The New York Times] • President Obama granted national monument status to 6, 230 acres of land in California. [KPCC] “Hello, I’m Johnny Cash. ” That opening line, as if the assembled audience needed any introduction, gave way to a giddy roar and then, one of country music’s great performances. It was on this day in 1968 that Johnny Cash played his “At Folsom Prison” concert. The event was meant to revive Mr. Cash’s career, which had flagged since the 1950s thanks to an    amphetamine habit. Executives at Mr. Cash’s record label, Columbia Records, saw him as so unreliable that they kept the planning of the Folsom show a secret from the press, said Robert Hilburn, author of “Johnny Cash: The Life. ” They weren’t certain he would show. Thankfully, he did. “And he was incredible. It was like he sensed this was a moment,” said Mr. Hilburn, who himself attended the concert after hearing about it from a disc jockey. Mr. Cash tailored his song choices along themes of longing, sin and misfortune, including, of course, his 1955 hit “Folsom Prison Blues. ” Assembled in the heavily guarded Dining Room 2, the inmates couldn’t get enough. “You could just sense their spirit rising,” said Mr. Hilburn. “It was just electrifying. ” The band actually performed twice, in the morning and afternoon, to ensure a good recording. “At Folsom Prison” drew largely from the first show and was released four months later. It was a huge success and kicked off a resurgence in Mr. Cash’s popularity. A year later, he did another prison record, “At San Quentin,” which was also successful. In the wake of the performances, he became a prominent voice for prisoner rights. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley."
305,17625,15 TV Shows to Watch This Season - The New York Times,New York Times,Mike Hale,2017-01-11,2017.0,1.0,,"From the sophisticated Dadaism of “Atlanta” to the solemn mind games of “Westworld,” the television season just past featured shows that were good for us. Heading into 2017, the   season offers a batch of shows that promise to be good fun, from the   dramedy “Sneaky Pete” to the new adventures of Archie and the gang in “Riverdale” to the continued adventures of Diane Lockhart in “The Good Fight. ” (Though seriousness isn’t lacking  —   “The Americans” returns, and some viewers may find the bleak future of “The Handmaid’s Tale” a little too close to home.) Here’s a look at 15 shows worth keeping an eye out for. SNEAKY PETE (Amazon, Jan. 13) The most promising Amazon pilot of the last few years finally comes to fruition, a year and a half after the entertaining first episode was posted. Bryan Cranston and Graham Yost (“Justified”) are behind this series about a con man (Giovanni Ribisi) who is released from prison and stumbles into an opportunity: pretending to be his former cellmate, whose family is in the   business. (David Shore, creator of “House M. D.,” wrote the pilot but was replaced as showrunner by Mr. Yost.) The cast includes Margo Martindale, Peter Gerety and Marin Ireland, and the storytelling is light but soulful. A SERIES OF UNFORTUNATE EVENTS (Netflix, Jan. 13) This adaptation of Daniel Handler’s “Lemony Snicket” books, written by Mr. Handler and executive produced by him and Barry Sonnenfeld, has a Wes Anderson look and feel. Patrick Warburton narrates as Lemony Snicket, and Neil Patrick Harris, in heavy prosthetic makeup, plays Count Olaf, the malevolent guardian of the Baudelaire children. HOMELAND (Showtime, Jan. 15) The setting, for the first time, is New York, where Carrie Mathison lives with her now chatty daughter and defends Muslim Americans accused of terrorism. Saul and Dar brief a liberal female   (oops) and scramble to take care of spy business before the inauguration. But in the early going, at least, it’s really all about Carrie and Quinn. If you’re a Quarrie believer, prepare yourself for Week 2. RIVERDALE (CW, Jan. 26) Betty’s on Adderall, Archie’s having sex with a teacher, and Josie and the Pussycats are rehearsing down the hall. Roberto   and Greg Berlanti’s adaptation of the Archie Comics characters adds a dash of “Twin Peaks”   weirdness to a main course of “Gossip Girl” teenage   complete with G. G.  narration by Jughead. (Madchen Amick, who was in “Twin Peaks” and “Gossip Girl,” plays Betty’s mother.) THE QUAD (BET, Jan. 31) Your desire for a glossy, sprawling melodrama with a serious edge could be satisfied by this new series set at a fictional historically black college in Georgia. Anika Noni Rose plays the embattled new president and Ruben   the leader of the school’s famous marching band, which eats up a disproportionate chunk of the academic budget. SANTA CLARITA DIET (Netflix, Feb. 3) Victor Fresco, creator of “Better Off Ted” and “Andy Richter Controls the Universe,” gets to take his brand of   even further in this sometimes    Netflix comedy that leavens sitcom formulas with copious gore. Drew Barrymore stars as a sitcom mom whose sudden zombification draws her family together and noticeably improves her sex life Timothy Olyphant plays her   husband. LEGION (FX, Feb. 8) The writer and producer Noah Hawley (“Fargo” on FX) lets his inner Terry Gilliam off the leash in this series featuring a Marvel Comics mutant whose power is to absorb others’ powers. The early episodes are frenetic and hard to follow, but there’s promise in the casting: Dan Stevens (“Downton Abbey”) a more subtle and interesting actor than we usually get in superhero roles. PLANET EARTH II (BBC America, Feb. 18) A decade after the original “Planet Earth,” David Attenborough and the BBC Natural History Unit are back with another seven hours of gorgeous nature porn, shot over the course of three years in 40 countries. BIG LITTLE LIES (HBO, Feb. 19). This   HBO drama looks a lot lighter than recent offerings like “The Night Of,” “Westworld” or even “The Young Pope. ” Based on a novel by Liane Moriarty, it’s about the marital and criminal misadventures of women whose children attend the same school, and the trailer promises beaches and   sex. The real story here, though, is pedigree: The   was created by the Gandalf of TV writers, David E. Kelley directed by   Vallée (“Dallas Buyers Club”) and boasts a   cast that includes Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley, Alexander Skarsgard and Laura Dern. THE GOOD FIGHT (CBS All Access, Feb. 19) This much anticipated spinoff of the   legal drama “The Good Wife”  —   in which Christine Baranski reprises her role as the regal Diane Lockhart  —   makes its premiere on CBS’s fledgling streaming service. THE AMERICANS (FX, March) Television’s best hourlong show returns, and we trust that the plot strands introduced in the   premiere will cohere into gripping and subtle drama. The Soviet embeds Elizabeth and Philip have a new target, their daughter Paige keeps maturing into a deadly problem, the F. B. I. agent Stan Beeman remains wonderfully obtuse, and before the first hour is over, someone we like dies. Spy business as usual. NATIONAL TREASURE (Hulu, March 1) This BBC    —   based on the police investigation that resulted, most notably, in the posthumous   revelations about the television and radio personality Jimmy Savile  —   has a great central duo: Robbie Coltrane (“Cracker,” the Harry Potter movies) plays a revered British comedian accused of pedophilia, and Julie Walters (“Educating Rita,” “Billy Elliot”) plays his wife. TRIAL  ERROR (NBC, March 7) There’s no reason to think that this series, about a young New York lawyer who travels to the South to defend a wacky poetry professor accused of murder, won’t be an entirely conventional network sitcom. But the professor is played by John Lithgow, 16 years out from “3rd Rock From the Sun,” so it might be worth a look. HARLOTS (Hulu, March 29) Among the season’s British costume dramas, this one  —   a satirical dramedy starring Samantha Morton and Lesley Manville as dueling brothel owners in   London  —   is my pick over “Victoria” and “Taboo. ” THE HANDMAID’S TALE (Hulu, April 26) Elisabeth Moss (“Mad Men”) plays a handmaid, or sex slave and childbearer, in this adaptation of Margaret Atwood’s novel about a   America (renamed Gilead) ruled by religious extremists. The pilot gives promise that the series will emphasize science fiction over philosophy, which wouldn’t be a bad thing."
306,17626,The Lost Footage of Marilyn Monroe - The New York Times,New York Times,Helene Stapinski,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"It happened one night in the late summer of 1954. Jules Schulback, a New York furrier and taker of home movies, heard that Marilyn Monroe would be on the Upper East Side of Manhattan filming scenes again for her new picture, “The Seven Year Itch. ” Two days earlier, Mr. Schulback had taken footage of her with his   Bolex movie camera around the corner from his townhouse apartment. So he grabbed the camera  —   the one usually used for family picnics and parades and the stuff of everyday life  —   and headed over to the subway grate in front of Wright’s Food shop, just down the street from the   movie theater on Lexington Avenue and 52nd Street. Though it was around 1 a. m. a large crowd had already gathered, mostly newspaper photographers and curious men waiting to see Marilyn. The movie studio and the director, Billy Wilder, had counted on this, inviting the press and the public to drum up buzz for the new movie, which starred Ms. Monroe as “the Girl Upstairs,” who entices a   executive, played by Tom Ewell, while his wife is away with the kids for the summer. In the famous street scene, the two are leaving the movies as Ms. Monroe pauses over a grate to enjoy the breeze from the subway as it blows up her dress on a hot summer night. “Isn’t it delicious?” she purrs. The breeze came from a large fan under the grate operated by the film’s special effects chief. The night  —   Sept. 15  —   was actually quite chilly. But the stunt worked. It became known as “the shot seen around the world. ” But there was a dark subtext to the comedy. Gathered at that late hour were hundreds of gawkers, almost all men, who catcalled and yelled things like, “Higher! Higher!” as Ms. Monroe’s dress blew up over her head. For two hours, the men watched from surrounding buildings and from the street. “Unfortunately, one of them was her husband, Joe DiMaggio,” Mr. Wilder is quoted as saying in his biography, “Nobody’s Perfect. ” “And he didn’t like what he saw, or what everyone else was seeing. ” Mr. DiMaggio hadn’t planned on visiting the set that night, and was waiting for his wife at the St. Regis Hotel, where the couple were staying. But the columnist Walter Winchell had persuaded him to come along. Ms. Monroe was not happy her husband had shown up. But he was even more unhappy and angrily stormed off. Later that night the couple had a screaming fight in their room. The next morning, her hairdresser covered up Ms. Monroe’s bruises with makeup. Three weeks later, Ms. Monroe filed for divorce. Mr. Wilder never used the Lexington Avenue footage and reshot the scene on a closed lot in Hollywood, though photographs of that night appeared everywhere. Except for some brief, grainy shots from a newsreel covering the divorce, footage from that night was never screened. “The footage immediately disappeared,” Mr. Wilder said in the biography. “But one day I’m sure some film scholar will dig it up. ” The story of the night Marilyn Monroe’s white   dress blew up was well known among Jules Schulback’s children, and even among his grandchildren. His granddaughter Bonnie Siegler said he bragged from time to time about his personal film shoot with Marilyn. “He was a real raconteur,” said Ms. Siegler, a graphic designer who runs her own company, Eight and a Half. “I didn’t know if the story was real. ” But even though she had never seen it, she often told people that her grandfather had footage of Marilyn Monroe on the subway grate. Ms. Siegler’s older sister, Rayna Dineen, said her grandfather, whom they called Opi (a German term of endearment) was rarely without his camera. “He would be filming everywhere, all the time. ” There were reels of vacations, family picnics, birthday parties and bar mitzvahs. He had even filmed a   day in the life of his daughters, depicting them waking up, brushing their teeth and going to school. “But the Marilyn story was one of his favorite stories to tell,” Ms. Dineen said. It was just one of dozens of amazing tales. Mr. Schulback had a long, technicolorful life, one so filled with drama that his Monroe story sometimes seemed like a footnote. In 1938, Mr. Schulback had argued with his family in Germany that Adolf Hitler was much more dangerous than anyone thought. According to Ms. Siegler, his family believed that Hitler’s hate speech was simply rhetoric, and that he wouldn’t act on anything he was saying. Mr. Schulback, 25 at the time, urged them to pack their bags and leave Berlin with him. But they resisted, opting to wait and see how things developed, never imagining the horror that awaited them and millions of other European Jews. Mr. Schulback was not taking any chances. In 1938, Jews immigrating to the United States needed a sponsor, someone to take financial responsibility for them. Mr. Schulback sold everything he had, bought an expensive suit, booked passage on the Queen Mary, reserved a room at the Plaza and headed to America to find a sponsor for him and his wife, Edith, and their daughter Helen, who was then a toddler. “He was like: ‘I’m your lost, rich relative. I won’t be a burden.’ But he had no money. He played it,” Ms. Siegler said. He secured a signature, then returned to collect his family, but was stopped trying to enter Nazi Germany by a suspicious border guard. Knowing the Germans were big fans of the 1934 Clark Gable hit, “It Happened One Night,” Mr. Schulback told the guard he was the distributor for Mr. Gable’s new movie. He claimed that if he couldn’t enter the country, neither would the film. “The guy was like, ‘Oh, we love Clark Gable,’ and waved him through,” Ms. Siegler said. Mr. Schulback grabbed Edith and Helen, again imploring his other relatives to leave, and escaped back to the United States with a few suitcases, claiming to the Nazi immigration officers that his family was going on vacation. The date was Nov. 8, the day before Kristallnacht. In Berlin, he had been a furrier, and his shop was destroyed that night. His remaining family  —   four sisters, parents and    —   would all perish in the Holocaust. The United States was good to Mr. Schulback. He and his family lived a happy, successful life in New York, much of it preserved in his home movies. As a child, Ms. Siegler loved going to her grandfather’s Upper East Side apartment not just because of his great stories and sense of humor, but also because he lived opposite the New York Doll Hospital. From his apartment window, she could see the buckets of doll eyes and doll arms. “It was really intense,” she said. When Edith had a stroke in the 1970s, she was given only a few weeks to live. But Mr. Schulback, always a man of action, refused to let his wife die in the hospital and took her home. The couple moved into the   apartment of a building around the corner, and Mr. Schulback became her nurse. “Half her body was paralyzed, she couldn’t speak,” Ms. Siegler said. “But he loved her and took care of her for 26 years until she finally died. ” After 35 years in that same apartment, Mr. Schulback  —   who had been president of the 61st Street Block Association  —   was forced to leave. The Andrew W. Mellon Foundation had bought the townhouse where he lived and the one behind it and wanted to reconfigure the property. So Ms. Siegler and her husband, Jeff Scher, helped move her    grandfather to a new place on the other side of Central Park. In 2004, in the arduous packing up of Mr. Schulback’s home, the couple came across a big stash of film. It was stored in a back room that the family called “Opi’s fur room,” where Mr. Schulback had once assembled garments from animal pelts for his business. “No one ever wanted to go back there,” Ms. Siegler said. “But when we went in, we found this plastic bag filled with just tons of film, home movies, bought movies and everything mixed together. ” Ms. Siegler’s husband, an experimental filmmaker, couldn’t wait to screen the films. He was particularly interested in seeing whether Marilyn and the subway grate footage actually existed. “It was like this family myth,” Mr. Scher said. “So long rumored and never confirmed. ” The same was true for its source material. For decades, innuendo swirled around the Lexington Avenue shoot for “The Seven Year Itch. ” Ms. Monroe and Mr. DiMaggio had married that January and had already had a bumpy ride, the Yankee Clipper enraged by her exhibitionism and by rumors of infidelity, according to Lois W. Banner, the author of the 2012 biography “Marilyn: The Passion and the Paradox. ” “She was having an affair with her musical director at the time, and everyone knew about it in the business,” said Dr. Banner, a professor emeritus of history and gender studies at the University of Southern California. So before he even arrived on set, there was tension. “DiMaggio,” Dr. Banner said, “was not happy with Marilyn. ” There are several theories as to why the footage from that night was never used. Some believe the Manhattan shoot was done purely as a publicity stunt, which was made even more sensational when Mr. DiMaggio showed up. Some biographers say the enthusiastic crowd was just too noisy, making the film unusable. A third theory was that the footage was too risqué and Ms. Monroe wanted to shoot a more demure version, so as not to further infuriate her husband. There was even talk at the time that she wasn’t wearing any underwear. Mr. Wilder tried to put those rumors to rest in his biography. She had put on not just one, but two sets of underwear, he said. Dr. Banner said all three reasons quite likely played into the final decision to reshoot. “But the photographs of that night had gone viral by the time the film was being put together,” she said, “and played a great role in her fame. ” The   scene used in the finished film is incredibly brief and tame. The image many people have of that moment comes from the press shots and publicity stills in New York, and not from the finished movie. Back in the pelt room of Mr. Schulback’s apartment, Mr. Scher excitedly gathered up the old metal film canisters. None were labeled, Mr. Scher recalled. Some of the film was off the reel and sitting there like big balls of spaghetti, as if there had been a projector mishap years ago. Later that night in his studio in the couple’s apartment on West 16th Street, Mr. Scher slowly and carefully wound the film, since some of it was very brittle and in danger of breaking. He did a few repairs and then began looking at it using a light box, spooling it from reel to reel by hand. There were about 50 rolls of   film and around 75 rolls of 8 millimeter. There were the family outings and parades. The birthdays and bar mitzvahs. And there, amid the mundane scenes of precious everyday life, was Marilyn Monroe, in crisp, colorful Kodachrome. “This stuff just popped out,” Mr. Scher said. “It was real! Preserved like the home movies are, too. Just these moments in time. ” Mr. Scher could clearly see the actress’s dress billowing up. “Like a parachute with a pair of legs attached,” he said. “It was startling. Like seeing a myth materialize. ” It was a shadow version of lost footage amid home movies of a family that almost certainly wouldn’t have existed had the Schulbacks stayed in Germany. Mr. Scher called out to his wife: “It’s really here!” They watched all 3 minutes 17 seconds in amazement. “There was something so magical about it,” Ms. Siegler said. “For years I didn’t know if it was real. I certainly didn’t believe it wholeheartedly. And there it was. It was like the end of the story. ” The film starts with a   intertitle that reads “World Premiere,” Mr. Schulback’s little inside joke. And then there is Marilyn Monroe, in a white terry robe, coming down the stoop of a   building at 164 East 61st Street, between Lexington and Third Avenues. It was the earlier scene  —   before the subway grate footage  —   that Mr. Schulback had shot. Cameramen and press photographers are gathered outside as the actress smiles and waves. Cut to Ms. Monroe in a   window wearing a slip and   her hair. Mr. Ewell walks down the street and into the building. The film cuts inexplicably to 30 seconds of what must be a Shriners parade in Manhattan, then jumps to another intertitle, which reads “Our Baby. ” And suddenly, there is Ms. Monroe again, this time on the subway grate in that famously fluttering white dress, holding a matching white clutch in her right hand and a     scarf in her left. Mr. Schulback was incredibly close, filming right behind Mr. Wilder’s shoulder, stopping to wind his   camera every 25 seconds. Now and then, a silhouette of the director’s arm intrudes into Mr. Schulback’s   shot. At one point Mr. Wilder, in a fedora, passes across the frame. Ms. Monroe gets into position and yawns, while the cinematographer sets up the camera. Through a gap in the film crew, Mr. Schulback captures just her face, looking off to the left, serious and unsmiling. Then Mr. Ewell is there, chatting with Ms. Monroe, who pushes him into position. The dress flutters again, Ms. Monroe holds it down, bending slightly, smiling and talking to Mr. Ewell, but it flutters up some more and she laughs, her head thrown back. It blows up again, but she doesn’t push it down this time, and it flies up over her head, clearly revealing two pairs of underwear that, because of the bright lights, do not protect Ms. Monroe’s modesty quite as much as she might have liked. Then, as suddenly as she appeared, Marilyn is gone, and the film reverts to   mode: Edith Schulback walking on the grass at a family outing in the country. It’s like being shaken from some crazy dream, back to reality. Interest in that moment in film history from more than 50 years ago endures. The new movie musical starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, “La La Land,” makes brief filmic reference to it in the opening number, with a young dancer’s yellow dress blowing up. And a Snickers commercial from the Super Bowl last year stars Willem Dafoe, Eugene Levy and a   Monroe on the famous set. “It’s that iconic image,” said Dr. Banner, the Monroe biographer. “People are still fascinated by the context in which it all happened. ” After screening the film with her husband, Ms. Siegler immediately told her grandfather that she had found the footage. “I was so excited about it  —   more for the reason that his story was true. ” She shrugged. “But he never had any doubts. ” Mr. Schulback moved in 2005 and died six months later. Ms. Siegler and Mr. Scher made a print and screened it for about 100 people in 2004 at the upstate home of their friends Kurt Andersen and his wife, Anne Kreamer. The two couples had started a small film festival for neighbors and friends, hanging a sheet on the side of a barn and serving popcorn, ice pops and beer. The people in the audience that summer night had no idea what they were in for. “That scene is one of the most iconic scenes in American cinema,” said Mr. Andersen, an author, radio host and a founder of Spy magazine. “So to have film of it actually being shot, it’s like watching the Zapruder film. It’s just extraordinary. ” The crowd that evening sat in silence as Marilyn Monroe’s dress blew up on the side of the barn. “People were ” Mr. Andersen said. “They were like, ‘What did I just see? ’” That was the only time anyone outside the family had seen the film. Until now."
307,17627,Electroshock Therapy for Internet Addicts? China Vows to End It - The New York Times,New York Times,Mike Ives,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"HONG KONG  —   At the Addiction Treatment Center in eastern China, more than 6, 000 internet addicts  —   most of them teenagers  —   not only had their web access taken away, they were also treated with electroshock therapy. The center, in Shandong Province, made headlines in September after one of its patients killed her mother in retribution for abuse she had purportedly suffered at the camp during a forced detox regimen. Now China is trying to regulate camps like the one in Shandong, which have become a last resort for parents exasperated by their child’s habit of playing online games for hours on end. The government has drafted a law that would crack down on the camps’ worst excesses, including electroshock and other “physical punishments. ” Medical specialists welcomed the law, announced this week in China’s   news media, as an initial step toward curbing scandals in the industry. “It’s a very important move for protecting young children,” said Tao Ran, the director of the Internet Addiction Clinic at Beijing Military General Hospital. Dr. Tao said that many Chinese parents believe that the effects of electroshock therapy are fleeting. But he had seen several Chinese teenagers return from boot camps that treat internet addiction showing signs of lasting psychological trauma, he said. “They didn’t talk, were afraid to meet people and refused to leave their homes,” he said, referring to his meetings with the teenagers. “They were panicked even to hear the word ‘hospital’ and ‘doctor. ’” Qu Xinjiu, a law professor at China University of Political Science and Law in Beijing, said the belief that parents have supreme jurisdiction over their children, and that even police officers have no right to intervene in family affairs, is widespread in China. “That’s why there are so many parents sending their kids for electroshock therapy, even when outsiders think it’s wrong to do so,” Professor Qu said. Figures on the number or growth of internet detox camps in China are scarce, but the camps’ methods have been generating concern for years. The legislation would also limit how much time each day that minors could play online games at home or in internet bars. Providers of the games would be obliged to take measures to monitor and restrict use, such as requiring players to register under their real names. The law does not yet specify the number of hours allowed, but minors would be prohibited from playing online games anywhere between midnight and 8 a. m. Dr. Tao said he doubted that the draft law, which was introduced by the State Council, China’s cabinet, could be enforced evenly nationwide. Provisions to limit the number of hours spent online probably could be easily flouted, he said. Many users of Sina Weibo, China’s version of Twitter, were even more critical, saying policing teenagers’ behavior online seemed impractical and  . “I’m afraid it’s just empty talk,” a Sina Weibo user wrote. “What about young kids who always go online on their cellphones?” another wrote. “Isn’t that also an addiction?” Game providers and internet bars that did not enforce the law would be subject to fines and possible closure by the government. Reports in the Chinese news media this week said that lawmakers would accept public comments on the draft law through early February but gave no indication of when it might be put into practice. In 2009, the Chinese Health Ministry issued guidelines against using electroshock therapy for internet addicts. Trent M. Bax, the author of “Youth and Internet Addiction in China,” said that he wondered whether a ban would be any more effective. Despite the Health Ministry’s policy, “punitive practices continue to victimize China’s youth” in internet detox camps, said Dr. Bax, an assistant professor of sociology at Ewha Womans University in Seoul, South Korea. Researchers from Chinese, Taiwanese and German universities wrote in the journal   Psychiatry in 2014 that the highest prevalence of “problematic internet use” worldwide had been observed in Asia. Christian Montag, the study’s lead author, said in an email on Thursday that South Korea had the world’s highest rate of problematic internet use, in part because of its large technology sector and online game market. South Korea also offers camps for internet addiction. Recent scientific evidence indicates that the best treatments for digital addiction appear to be cognitive behavioral therapy in individual and group settings, which often include patients’ parents and significant others, said Daria J. Kuss, a specialist on internet and game addiction at Nottingham Trent University in Britain. Dr. Kuss said that medication can also be effective, especially if internet addiction is accompanied by anxiety or mood disorders, such as depression. But beatings and electroshock therapy “are not commonly used in the treatment of internet and gaming addiction and are to be considered unethical and inhumane,” she said. Officials and psychologists around the world have debated how to measure and regulate extreme internet use. A crucial question, analysts say, is whether to classify the problem as a psychological disorder or as a symptom of underlying disorders. In a sign of how fluid the debate is in China, the Health Ministry said in 2009 that it would no longer use the term “addiction” to describe how the internet harmed people who used it improperly or excessively. But a study the same year by the China Youth Association for Network Development, which is led by a committee under the ruling Communist Party, found that more than 24 million Chinese, age 13 to 29, who used the internet were digital addicts."
308,17628,The Coin? Gold. Its ‘Real Value’? Lady Liberty Is Black. - The New York Times,New York Times,Erin McCann,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"The United States Mint will release a commemorative gold coin in April that will feature Lady Liberty as a black woman, marking the first time that she has been depicted as anything other than white on the nation’s currency. The coin, with a $100 face value, will commemorate the 225th anniversary of the Mint’s coin production, the Mint and the Treasury Department announced on Thursday. Going on sale April 6, it will be 24 karats and weigh about an ounce. It is part of a series of commemorative coins that will be released every two years. Future ones will show Lady Liberty as Asian, Hispanic and Indian “to reflect the cultural and ethnic diversity of the United States,” the Mint said in a statement. The announcement comes at a pivotal cultural moment for the United States, a week away from a transfer of power, following a bruising election dominated by debates about immigration, race and political correctness. And Lady Liberty is among the most potent of American symbols. Her   depiction, a gift from France in 1886, stands in New York Harbor, a giant statue of a woman with white European features beckoning with a lamp to the refugees of the world. “Part of our intent was to honor our tradition and heritage,” Rhett Jeppson, the principal deputy director of the Mint, said in a phone interview on Friday. “But we also think it’s always worthwhile to have a conversation about liberty, and we certainly have started that conversation. ” Do not expect to see anyone spending the coins at the store. Coins like this do not circulate for everyday use, but are minted for collectors in limited quantities. There will be 100, 000 of them with the black Lady Liberty. They will sell for far more than face value, depending on the value of gold, currently more than $1, 000 an ounce. “As we as a nation continue to evolve, so does Liberty’s representation,” Elisa Basnight, the chief of staff at the Mint, said at a presentation on Thursday in Washington. The coin’s head (what the Mint calls the obverse) was designed by Justin Kunz and engraved by Phebe Hemphill, and it shows a profile of Lady Liberty with a crown of stars that holds back her hair. The tail (the reverse, in Mint lingo) shows an eagle in flight. Mr. Jeppson said that several women had approached him after seeing the coin and told him, “she looks like me when I was younger. ” “I saw real value in that,” he said. “That we see ourselves in the images in our coins. ” The Mint is expecting the coin to sell well, Mr. Jeppson said. Any profit the Mint generates from the sale of its coins is returned to the Treasury. Last year, the Mint sent about $600 million back to the federal government, Mr. Jeppson said. In addition to the 100, 000 gold coins  —   more than is typical for this sort of commemorative coin  —   that will be printed at West Point, the Mint will also produce 100, 000 of what it calls medals, silver reproductions of the image that will sell for around $40 to $50. “The silver medals will be done at Philadelphia, because that is the birthplace of the Mint,” Mr. Jeppson said. The Coinage Act of 1792 established the Mint, and it also mandated that any coins produced include an image of “liberty” as well as an inscription of the word. Since then, the idea has appeared in many forms on American currency, both circulated and collectible, most often as the feminine Lady Liberty. “When you look at the very first coins that we produced, they had a   Liberty on there,” Mr. Jeppson said. These coins are already in production. The next ones in the series are in the planning stage. Rough guidelines are given to sets of artists and sculptors, some of whom are staff at the mint and others who are part of a pool, as Mr. Kunz was. Their work is then shared with the members of two commissions  —   one a group of citizen advisers and one a fine arts commission  —   who make recommendations on the final design for the coin. “It’s difficult for us to say what future coins will look like until we get there,” Mr. Jeppson said. All American coins embody the idea of liberty, in keeping with the Mint’s   mandate. But the new coin is what Mr. Jeppson called an “allegorical liberty,” meaning Lady Liberty does not represent a specific figure from history. Women, in generic depictions or historic ones, have been underrepresented on American currency. The suffrage leader Susan B. Anthony appeared on $1 coins from 1979 to 1981, and Helen Keller, the author and activist, appeared on the reverse image of the Alabama state quarter in 2003. Sacagawea, the Shoshone guide who led Lewis and Clark to the West Coast, appeared on a $1 coin that has been minted since 2000. Last year, after a public campaign to put a woman on the $10 bill, the Treasury secretary, Jacob J. Lew, announced a broad remaking of the nation’s paper currency  —   the bills that, unlike a $100 coin, circulate among many Americans every day. Harriet Tubman, the abolitionist and former slave, will appear on the $20 bill, and women and civil rights leaders will be added to the $5 and $10 bills. Collectors expect the black Lady Liberty coin to be popular. Whenever the Mint does something new, it creates buzz, said Gilles Bransbourg, a curator with the American Numismatic Society and a research associate at New York University. “It’s departing from any of the coins that have been produced so far,” he said. “It sends a strong message that the Mint is departing from the tradition that will be perceived as very white. ” The Mint’s recent commemorative productions have occasionally featured nonwhite characters, he said, pointing to a 2006 gold series that revived the popular “Indian head” nickel of the early 20th century. It shows an American Indian whose face is believed to be a combination of three different men who sat for its designer. Symbolism aside, the new Lady Liberty coin is “really beautiful,” said Jeff Garrett, the president of the American Numismatic Association, who saw the coin several months ago in Washington. “It’s struck in high relief, which means the high points are much higher than circulating coinage. ” “I’ll buy one for sure,” he said. “I’ll probably buy several. ”"
309,17629,"Head of Sony Entertainment, Michael Lynton, to Step Down - The New York Times",New York Times,Brooks Barnes,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"LOS ANGELES  —   The chief executive of Sony’s underperforming entertainment division, Michael Lynton, announced Friday that he would step down to focus more intently on the popular messaging service Snapchat, where he was an early investor. Mr. Lynton, who weathered various corporate crises at Sony Entertainment over his   tenure, including a devastating cyberattack and a battle with activist investors, will step down on Feb. 2, the company said. After that, Kazuo Hirai, the president and chief executive of Sony Corporation, based in Tokyo, will take a more   role at the conglomerate’s movie, television and music division, at least for a time. Mr. Hirai will begin keeping a second office at Sony’s studio complex in Culver City, Calif. the company said, and take the additional title of   executive of Sony Entertainment. Mr. Lynton will also serve as   executive for a   period starting in February to help Mr. Hirai learn the inner workings of the   movie and television businesses and select a permanent successor. In the meantime, Mr. Lynton, 57, will officially become chairman of the board at Snap Inc. which owns Snapchat. Snap is expected to go public  —   with an eye toward being valued at $30 billion or more  —   this spring. As chairman, Mr. Lynton is not expected to play a direct management role, but rather focus on matters involving strategy and governance in support of Evan Spiegel, Snap’s chief executive. “I have been involved with Evan and Snapchat since its early days, and, given its growth since then, decided the time was right to transition,” Mr. Lynton said in a statement. He added that he was confident that “the broad changes we have made and new management team we have assembled over the last few years” at Sony would bear fruit. Despite wrenching turnaround efforts  —   Mr. Lynton hired a new movie chief in 2015  —   Sony’s film operation, which includes the Columbia, Screen Gems and TriStar labels, has experienced a prolonged shortage of breakout hits. Last year, Sony released 22 movies (not including those distributed by its New   art house unit) and collected $911. 5 million at the domestic box office, with moderate successes like “The Angry Birds Movie” offset by clunkers like “The Brothers Grimsby. ” Among the six major Hollywood studios, only Paramount fared worse, with 15 releases taking in $876. 8 million. The leader, Walt Disney Studios, where Mr. Lynton worked in the 1990s, had 13 releases and $3 billion in domestic sales. In a statement, Mr. Hirai said Mr. Lynton’s structural changes “set the path for restoring profitability and future growth, though we recognize current challenges in the motion picture businesses and its turnaround will take some time. ” That suggests Mr. Hirai plans to be patient with Thomas E. Rothman, the chairman of Sony Pictures, who has ruffled feathers at the studio as he has pushed for change. Mr. Hirai also emphasized that the studio was not for sale  —   a persistent topic of Hollywood speculation  —   calling movies, television and music “essential parts of Sony. ” Although the studio’s top television executive was pushed out in June after clashing with Mr. Lynton, Sony’s   business has been a bright spot. It makes “The Crown” for Netflix, “Blacklist” for NBC and “The Goldbergs” for ABC, in addition to lucrative chestnuts like “Jeopardy” and “Wheel of Fortune. ” Sony also delivered the seminal series “Breaking Bad” during Mr. Lynton’s tenure. Sony Music, which  went through management changes of its own in October, has strengthened its position by focusing on growth areas like streaming and paying the estate of Michael Jackson $750 million for its share of the   Music Publishing catalog, which contains more than one million copyrights, including 250 songs by the Beatles. Sony Music has also released hits by artists like Beyoncé and Meghan Trainor. In his statement, Mr. Hirai thanked Mr. Lynton for “his strong leadership and dedication to Sony throughout his long and illustrious career with the company. ”"
310,17630,"More VW Executives Could Be Charged, Court Documents Suggest - The New York Times",New York Times,Jack Ewing,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"The hunt for the people behind Volkswagen’s emissions scandal did not end with the company’s plea bargain this week. There was the man identified in court documents only as “Supervisor B,” who overruled nervous subordinates and told them to develop the illegal software. Don’t get caught, he told them, according to the documents. There was “Attorney A,” who, as regulators closed in, urged   to destroy any emails that mentioned the “acoustic function,” the code name for emissions cheating software. The two suspects were conspicuously missing from the group of six Volkswagen executives indicted on Wednesday  —   a clear indication that there could be more criminal charges, further eroding the company’s reputation and destabilizing management. There is little doubt that investigators will lean on suspects to testify against others, and push as high up in Volkswagen’s organization chart as the evidence allows. The $20 billion that Volkswagen is paying to resolve  civil and criminal charges  —   including obstruction of justice and conspiracy to defraud the United States government  —   is unlikely to be the end of the story. Even as the settlement removed a major source of uncertainty for the company, other cases loom. Shareholder lawsuits in the United States and Europe could cost an additional $10 billion. United States authorities also signaled that investigators will not be constrained by national boundaries. Five of the six people indicted on Wednesday are believed to be in Germany. The cost of the United States settlements drains cash that Volkswagen urgently needs to adapt to technological upheaval.   cars,   services and other innovations are expected to upend the industry. The settlement “is an important step that will help Volkswagen to win back trust in the United States,” said Ferdinand Dudenhöffer, a professor at the University of  . But the cost, he said, “will set back Volkswagen’s plans and in my opinion require cuts in investment in the United States. ” Volkswagen clearly hoped the settlement would be the turning point that allows it to begin rebuilding its shattered reputation. The company issued publicity photographs this week of a shiny replacement for the blue and white “VW” logo that for decades has stood like a giant hood ornament atop Volkswagen’s   executive offices in its hometown, Wolfsburg. “Volkswagen deeply regrets the behavior that gave rise to the diesel crisis,” Matthias Müller, its chief executive, said in a statement. “Since all of this came to light, we have worked tirelessly to make things right for our affected customers. ” But the settlement  —   and the admissions made by the company in the deal  —   leave Volkswagen vulnerable in other ways. As part of an agreement that calls for Volkswagen to pay $4. 3 billion in penalties and plead guilty to violations of the Clean Air Act, the company signed off on a detailed account of how the cheating software came into being, and how Volkswagen employees tried to cover it up after regulators’ suspicions were aroused. The document portrays a broad conspiracy that included engine developers, software experts, quality control managers,   lawyers and people responsible for emissions compliance. The account of the wrongdoing reinforces the view that Volkswagen corporate culture was seriously awry. Employees who raised objections to the wrongdoing were overruled by those higher up. In 2012, for example, senior executives rebuffed a group of Volkswagen engineers who had discovered the illegal software. The engineers were told to destroy documents they had prepared showing how the software worked, according to a federal indictment unsealed this week. Instead of coming clean after regulators began asking questions in 2014, Volkswagen executives mounted a    . Ahead of a meeting with California regulators in August 2015, according to the plea agreement, Volkswagen officials even drew up a script for what they would say to conceal the illegal software and win approval for new models to go on sale. Such evidence could be used to bolster other cases. Shareholders in the United States and Europe have filed lawsuits saying Volkswagen had a duty to warn much sooner of the potential financial havoc that would be caused by the official investigations. Company shares plunged after the scandal came to light and have not fully recovered. Further charges could also wreak havoc on the upper ranks. The document does not directly implicate members of the Volkswagen management board, but it does not exonerate them either. Several of the people indicted reported directly to Martin Winterkorn, the Volkswagen chief executive until he resigned in the wake of the scandal. There was some good news for Volkswagen. The maximum penalty just for the criminal violations would have been $34 billion, according to Department of Justice calculations. Volkswagen received a discount for being cooperative after its initial stonewalling, and for the nearly $16 billion it is paying to owners of Volkswagen diesels, dealers and others as compensation. The deal was the product of weeks of   negotiations by representatives for the government and Volkswagen, all of whom were eager to resolve the case before   Donald J. Trump takes office. Volkswagen sales have been holding up even though the company’s reputation has taken a beating. Volkswagen said this week that it sold 10. 3 million vehicles worldwide in 2016, a 4 percent increase over 2015. But Volkswagen’s market share in Europe, which accounts for about a third of sales, slipped during the year to 24 percent from 25 percent. And the company continues to struggle in the United States. Sales of Volkswagen brand cars fell 8 percent last year to 323, 000 vehicles, though there were signs of a rebound toward the end of the year. It will be difficult for anyone associated with the scandal to rest easy. The specter of further indictments and arrests, along with the bad publicity they generate, is likely to weigh on company morale, if not its financial prospects. Top managers are not immune. German prosecutors have said they consider Hans Dieter Pötsch, chairman of the Volkswagen supervisory board, a suspect in a related investigation into possible violations of securities laws. Volkswagen said in a statement that its management board “duly fulfilled its disclosure obligation under German capital markets law. ” Mr. Pötsch was a member of the management board before becoming chairman of the supervisory board, an oversight panel, in October 2015. Germany does not usually extradite its own citizens. But any employees indicted by United States authorities risk arrest if they travel outside Germany, even to other European countries. Unusually, only one member of the Volkswagen management board attended the North American International Auto Show, a major industry event that is underway in Detroit. Herbert Diess, head of the unit that produces Volkswagen brand cars, who joined the company shortly before the scandal came to light, was the highest ranking company executive in Detroit. Volkswagen said in a statement that the smaller presence was the result of “a critical assessment of the efficiency and effectiveness” of its car show activities. Volkswagen had hoped to use the Detroit auto show to reconnect with American consumers. It showed off the Atlas, a sport utility vehicle with three rows of seats that will be made at Volkswagen’s plant in Chattanooga, Tenn. and fill a gap in the company’s lineup. Mr. Diess tried to sound upbeat. “We want to reignite America’s love for Volkswagen,” he said."
311,17631,"Friday Mailbag: ‘Christian Values,’ the Jewish Sabbath and BuzzFeed - The New York Times",New York Times,Liz Spayd with Evan Gershkovich,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"Friday caps a wildly busy week, especially out of Washington. There was Donald Trump’s news conference. There was the   dossier on Trump and Russia. And then there were the confirmation hearings for the  ’s cabinet nominations. One of the nominees, Jeff Sessions for attorney general, was described in a Times profile leading up to the hearings as having Christian values. “Mr. Sessions,” the profile said, “offers an uncompromising brand of conservatism that combines Christian and   values with strains of populism and a willingness to say the unpopular, or even offensive. ” That description drew fire from several readers. The public editor’s take: I contacted the writers, Sharon LaFraniere and Matt Apuzzo, to ask about their intent. Both wanted to assure readers that they were not trying to use Christian values as a   for any specific policies. They also said they weren’t trying to assert whether he lives a good Christian life, only that he is a devout Methodist who views his religion a guiding factor. Seems reasonable. I do appreciate, however, that the phrase used in this way could be seen as equating Sessions’ views to those of all Christians. It implies a universality to “Christian values” in a way that might offend Christians who don’t share them.  Also in the news this week was that unsubstantiated Trump dossier. We, of course, received a number of emails on the topic, and this office has been looking into it. Here’s one common reader complaint. The public editor’s take: It sounds as if you came upon a rare link here to the BuzzFeed article. I’m told that Times staffers were given clear instructions not to link to it, but it appears one article briefly did so. Given how much of a point The Times made about the dossier being unsubstantiated, it would have been having it both ways to refuse to publish the documents but then link to BuzzFeed.  Another reader pointed out that while The Times emphasized that the claims in the dossier were unsubstantiated, it did not go to such lengths in covering Hillary Clinton’s scandals during the presidential election. This week Trump also decided to give his    Jared Kushner, a place in his government as a senior White House adviser. The Times covered the decision thoroughly, giving readers a better view into the man’s background. But some readers took issue with his religion being noted often, including in a story noting that Trump and his advisers, a group that included Kushner, had met on a Saturday even though Kushner typically observes the Sabbath strictly. The public editor’s take: The Times guidelines say such references to religion should be used when relevant to the news. In this case, Trump often cites Kushner’s relationships with Israel and his Jewish faith as reasons he would be effective in dealing with Middle East issues. As to Kushner meeting on the Sabbath, the senior editor for standards, Greg Brock, notes that The Times offered similar explanations when Senator Joseph I. Lieberman was running for president.  Brock also said, “I can see why a reporter or editor might have included the reference to Kushner’s religion because it is the type of question another reader might very well ask: Why is Kushner attending meetings and not observing the Sabbath? I don’t know that the reference was necessary, but mentioning it seems legitimate. ” The public editor’s take: I agree with Brock. When relevant yes, but that’s not a license to do it without context.  Another reader flagged what he thought was a conflict between the business and news side. Kinsey Wilson, executive vice president for product and technology, gave a good explanation of how this happens that applies to advertising generally: Another reader pointed out that The Times accidentally quoted a spoof account in its story on London transportation strikes  —   and is still using the quote. A rare and refreshing reader note came in last week. The reader wrote in simply to thank Times journalists. We hope you all enjoy the long weekend."
312,17632,"One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same - The New York Times",New York Times,Tejal Rao,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"After 100 years of selling cookies, the Girl Scouts have come up with two new flavors. It may seem odd that it took a century when the inspiration was right under their noses: s’mores. The Girl Scouts first published a recipe for the quintessential campfire snack in 1927. The two newcomers share the same name, Girl Scout S’mores, but play separate variations on the theme of chocolate, marshmallow and graham cracker. In a bit of hairsplitting worthy of a merit badge for marketing, one is billed as “crispy” and the other as “crunchy. ” The crispy cookie is a thick slab of graham cracker coated with a fine layer of sweet white frosting and a much thicker one of chocolate, produced by ABC Bakers, of Richmond, Va. The crunchy cookie is a graham sandwich filled with a layer of chocolate and another of marshmallowlike icing, produced by Little Brownie Bakers, of Louisville, Ky. Why two versions? The Girl Scouts need two manufacturers to meet the demand for two million boxes of cookies a year presented with the idea for S’mores, each bakery took its own approach. As connoisseurs know, there are regional variations in the popular Thin Mint cookies, and strong similarities between Samoas and Caramel deLites. Neither of the S’mores has been seared over embers under the stars, as prescribed in that 1927 recipe for “Some More. ” But early taste tests online, and among The New York Times’s Food staff, showed a slight preference for the sandwich cookie, for its balanced sweetness and tender, fudgelike center. Girl Scout cookie season typically opens in January and ends in April, though each local council has its own traditions, which means that a lone council in Michigan and one in Maryland were selling cookies last fall. Timing and availability of the new offerings will vary, since councils in different parts of the country have contracts with different manufacturers. Councils in Los Angeles and New York will sell the sandwich cookies, while those in Philadelphia and Orange County, Calif. will sell the   grahams. This may not matter to Thin Mint purists, but not every council will have a S’mores cookie on the menu. In 1922, Florence E. Neil, a Girl Scout director in Chicago, published a recipe for sugar cookies flavored with vanilla, and many of the earliest Girl Scout cookies sold to raise funds for activities and community projects were baked in home kitchens, based on Ms. Neil’s recipe. But the first Girl Scout cookie sale took place even earlier, in 1917, in a high school cafeteria in Muskogee, Okla. Since then, this business has expanded to become a national phenomenon, with devoted fans buying cult flavors in bulk, or stashing extra boxes in the freezer to last until the next cookie season. This hoarding surely contributes to the average $800 million in cookie sales each season. Whether the cookies are   for home delivery, or picked up at booths in parking lots, fairgrounds and grocery stores, every council handles the process its own way. Finding the cookies doesn’t have to be a matter of luck: Plug a ZIP code into the Girl Scout website (girlscouts. org) for a list of local sales booths."
313,17633,"Florida Man Strangled Wife, Then Impersonated Her on Facebook, Police Say - The New York Times",New York Times,Christine Hauser,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"A Florida man has been charged with murder after strangling his wife during an argument and then posting messages on her Facebook page under her name to try to fool her friends and family about her absence, the police said. The man, George J. McShane Jr. was trying to “convince her friends and family she was still alive,” according to the Orlando Police Department. Mr. McShane, 42, who a police report said worked at a resort, was arrested on Jan. 11 and charged with   murder and battery by strangulation in the death of Kristen McShane, 30, the police said. For several days this month, Ms. McShane’s Facebook page was updated with cheerful photographs documenting her life in Florida: a portrait of her smiling in front of an easel, paint brush in hand and another of her enjoying an outing with friends. On Jan. 7, a Facebook message informed friends and relatives why she had not been in touch: “I can’t believe I dropped my phone in the toilet. I am such an idiot. Message me here, til I can get it fixed. ” Friends replied with advice (“Put it in rice”) or with offers to lend her a phone. This week, the police in Orlando, where the McShanes lived, revealed that the author of some of those messages was not Ms. McShane, who was 30, but her husband. Mr. McShane posted the Facebook message about her phone so that others would not become alarmed because she “was not returning their phone calls or text messages,” the police said. Officers were called to the house on Jan. 10 by a relative of the couple who had been concerned about them, according to a police affidavit. They found Mr. McShane sitting in his car in the garage with the engine running. Then they found Ms. McShane’s body in a bedroom. The authorities said Mr. McShane told them that he had “lost his temper and jumped on Kristen, using his two hands to choke her until he realized she was dead. ” The reason for the argument was not available on Friday. Mr. McShane had not yet been arraigned on Friday, a court official said in an email, but appeared in court on Jan. 11 to hear the charges, court records showed. Robert Larr, a public defender assigned to Mr. McShane, declined to comment on the case on Friday. The Florida murder case is the latest example of someone assuming the social media identity of another person to deflect suspicion from family and friends after a crime. In December, Shanna Golyar of Iowa was arrested and charged with murder in the 2012 killing of Cari Farver of Nebraska, the Omaha police said. Ms. Golyar had posted messages on Ms. Farver’s Facebook account posing as the victim, a Douglas County prosecutor said on Friday. In October, the Facebook pages of a missing South Carolina couple suddenly became active with updates that family and friends did not believe were written by them. Todd C. Kohlhepp, 45, was later charged with murder in the death of the man and with kidnapping the woman, who had been held chained in a container, the police said. In the Orlando case, Ms. McShane’s Facebook page was updated on Jan. 7 with a photograph showing her next to a man at a social event. “Who’s your friend?” someone wrote. “That’s my new guy,” came the reply in the comments section under Ms. McShane’s name. Another post the same day described her dropping her phone in the toilet. Both posts appeared after 3:30 a. m. that day  —   the time that Mr. McShane told the police the couple had started to argue, according to the police. Her Facebook profile was updated twice again on Jan. 8 with posts showing a photo of her painting and another image including the sleeping face of a little girl, apparently the couple’s daughter. By Jan. 11, after Mr. McShane’s arrest, there were only condolence messages."
314,17634,Review: The First Concert at the New Elbphilharmonie in Germany - The New York Times,New York Times,Corinna da Fonseca-Wollheim,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"HAMBURG  —   Of course there was Beethoven. After all, what better way to conclude the   opening concert of the Elbphilharmonie concert hall here than with the jubilant “Ode to Joy”? It’s a choral classic, but Wednesday’s scintillating concert, starring the NDR Symphony Orchestra, now renamed the NDR Elbphilharmonie Orchestra, opened with the slender, pliable tone of a single oboe  —   the instrument to which other players tune in halls around the world. To inaugurate this dazzling hall, nestled inside an $800 million glass structure set atop an old brick warehouse overlooking the port here, the conductor Thomas Hengelbrock assembled a   program. Taking as its motto a line from Wagner’s “Parsifal”  —   “Here time becomes space”  —   the concert linked fragile chamber performances and flashy orchestral tours de force spanning 400 years of music history into a riveting narrative. Its proud protagonist: the hall itself. Depending on where you sat in the tiered,    auditorium, you had to crane your neck to see where the first sounds were coming from when the oboist Kalev Kuljus, standing on a high balcony, intoned the first rhapsodic phrases of Britten’s “Pan,” from “Six Metamorphoses After Ovid. ” His penetrating and clear tone helped to concentrate your ear on the sonic roller coaster that followed, beginning with the metallic aureole of Dutilleux’s “Mystère de l’instant. ” From there, early and recent music alternated fluidly, with individual performers placed high in the farthest rows. The countertenor Philippe Jaroussky, elegantly accompanied by the harpist Margret Köll, sang music written by Emilio de’ Cavalieri and Antonio Archilei for a 1589 Florentine court wedding, his zesty voice effortlessly carrying across the   auditorium. The dark, growling rumbles of Bernd Alois Zimmermann’s “Photoptosis,” in turn, gave way to the   Ensemble Praetorius singing Praetorius’s “Quam Pulchra Es. ” That work was answered by the searing intensity of Rolf Liebermann’s “Furioso,” with its   string scales and luscious, broad melodies. Another Baroque aria, “Amarilli mia bella,” by Giulio Caccini, offered quiet reflection before the jaunty finale from Messiaen’s “” its crisp rhythms and fluorescent tone colors vivid and clean. The concert’s second half included the Prelude to “Parsifal” the premiere of an arresting, broody orchestral song cycle, “Reminiszenz,” by Wolfgang Rihm and the last movement of Beethoven’s Ninth. The soloist in Rihm’s rangy, difficult new work was Pavol Breslik, whose melting tone easily made you forget that the part had initially been intended for the star tenor Jonas Kaufmann. Another cancellation led to the appealing   Müller’s taking on the soprano part in the Beethoven symphony, alongside the alto Wiebke Lehmkuhl and the   Bryn Terfel, sounding somewhat brittle. The combined NDR and Bavarian radio choirs brought home a thrilling “Ode to Joy. ” If you were seated in different sections of the hall for the two performances (the program was repeated on Thursday night) the sound’s warmth varied. The Wagner could have been helped by a greater sense of mysticism: the acoustics cast a clinical light on occasional imperfections. (It was just as unforgiving of a visitor’s   sneeze.) But on the whole, the NDR Elbphilharmonie Orchestra revealed itself as a   group, possessing a radiantly confident brass section and strings capable of producing a   tone. The man behind the sound is Yasuhisa Toyota, one of the world’s most   acousticians. In Hamburg, his work was prepared for by the building’s architects, the Swiss firm Herzog  de Meuron, which added a   layer around each of the two concert halls to prevent the intrusion of foghorns and other city noise  —   something New Yorkers, used to the periodic grumble of subway trains below several performance spaces, might appreciate. The Elbphilharmonie’s larger hall is clad with thousands of grooved   panels, the profile of each precisely calculated to optimize resonance. Visually, the effect is stunning, reminiscent of bleached coral or snakeskin, depending on the lighting. On one side of the hall, softly gleaming organ pipes appear like a waterfall. The elegance of this Great Hall finds no reflection in the Small Hall, which opened on Thursday afternoon with a program of chamber music presented by Ensemble Resonanz. Here, too, Mr. Toyota created a minutely modulated acoustic “skin,” this one carved into sensual waves in oak. The   sound was warm and opulent in works by Georg Friedrich Haas (a premiere, “Release,” making lavish use of the microtonal shimmies for which this   composer, based in New York, is known) Berg and Bartok. Visually, the rectangular box resembles an oversize sauna. After years of delays and budget increases, which sometimes made it a laughingstock, the Elbphilharmonie is finally open, with music at its center. Judging by the creative zest of the opening events, it is on track to incubate a musical culture as optimistic and striking as the building itself."
315,17635,Park Service Names 24 Diverse National Landmarks - The New York Times,New York Times,Jennifer Schuessler,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"The Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture in New York City, Chicano Park in San Diego, a Native American burial ground in Kansas and the site of the 1970 shootings at Kent State University are among 24 newly designated National Historic Landmarks. The list of new landmarks, announced on Wednesday, comes as the National Park Service, the division of the Department of the Interior that administers the landmarks program, has finished celebrating its 100th anniversary. It reflects an effort to tell what a news release called “a more inclusive and diverse story of America’s history. ” “These 24 new designations depict different threads of the American story that have been told through activism, architecture, music and religious observance,” Sally Jewell, the secretary of the Interior, said in a statement. “Their designation ensures that future generations have the ability to learn from the past. ” The sites, which join a list of more than 2, 500 existing national historic landmarks, may reflect America’s past, but they also might be read as carrying some pointed political lessons for the future. They include the homes of the slain civil rights leader Medgar Evers the   lawyer and women’s rights activist Pauli Murray and the   Tejano statesman José Antonio Navarro, who is cited for “his commitments to both American ideals and to the rights of Texan  ” in the period before and after Texas became part of the United States. The Navarro home is just one of several new landmarks relating to the history of   activism, including Chicano Park in San Diego, site of some ultimately successful 1970 community protests. Other citations speak to the sometimes deadly legacies of government action. The citation for Wyandotte National Burying Ground in Kansas City, Kan. describes it as “tangible evidence of the consequences of federal American Indian removal policy to a tribal population and its identity. ” The citation for the Kent State site, where the Ohio National Guard shot and killed four students and wounded nine other people during a protest against the Vietnam War, refers to subsequent rulings by the Supreme Court that “the executive branch of government does not enjoy absolute immunity for its actions. ” A number of the sites are recognized for what may seem to be more straightforward significance as architecture or engineering, like the Neutra Studio and Residences in Los Angeles (associated with the modernist Richard Neutra) and the   Organ, at a Methodist camp in Round Lake, N. Y. The instrument is cited as “an example of the technical and mechanical achievements in the   War American   industry. ” But even the designations for some seemingly straightforward sites might be seen as resonant with contemporary politics. The New York State Barge Canal, begun in 1905, is called “an embodiment of a Progressive Era emphasis on public works,” which was “built explicitly to counter the growing monopoly of railroad corporations. ” Kevin Young, the director of the Schomburg Center, a division of the New York Public Library in Harlem, said in an email that he was “especially pleased” that the announcement had noted the center’s social mission of promoting “intellectual freedom and social equality. ” He also noted the reference to the   roots of its namesake, the   immigrant bibliophile Arturo Schomburg. “Our focus on the entire African Diaspora has been important ever since our start 92 years ago,” said Mr. Young, who took over leadership at the center in December. “I am looking forward personally to exploring the   connection, both in our collections and lively programming. ”"
316,17636,You Don’t Want What Wells Fargo Is Selling. What Should It Do Now? - The New York Times,New York Times,Ron Lieber,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"When Wells Fargo announced its quarterly earnings Friday morning, it was clear that many of its customers were not exactly pleased. In recent months, the number of new consumer checking accounts had fallen sharply, which is no surprise for a bank that paid a hefty fine in September for opening accounts of all sorts without customers’ permission. Just for good measure, it’s trying to force customers who want to sue to take their disputes to mandatory arbitration. And in its earnings announcement, the company said that measurements of “loyalty” were going to take awhile longer to recover. To many consumers, Wells Fargo deserves a kind of death penalty: In the same way one might never buy a car again from the cheaters at Volkswagen, it makes little sense to do business with Wells Fargo either. But an equally good reason to steer clear might be this: Its products and services are mostly middling. The bank rarely is a leader on pricing or rewards. It specializes in ubiquity, with storefronts in all 50 states, and it hopes that we’ll be too lazy to find better deals elsewhere. The bank claims to be serious about pivoting now (despite having only shuffled the deck chairs in its executive roster, ousting its C. E. O. and elevating his top deputy). So if it wants to stand for something in the minds of consumers other than shoving unwanted products down people’s throats, it might try new approaches  —   like generosity, clarity, integrity and good citizenship  —   on for size instead. Let’s take some of those things, and the bank’s “ ” offerings, in order: GENEROSITY Consider Wells Fargo’s basic savings account offerings. Or don’t, lest you be insulted by the interest rates. How does 0. 01 percent sound to you? But if you have more than $100, 000 that you need to keep safe for a while, the bank will increase that amount tenfold, to a whopping 0. 1 percent! Is there something about being a large financial institution that makes offering a competitive interest rate impossible? Not at all. Household names like Barclays, Discover and Goldman Sachs are happy to give you at least nine times what Wells Fargo does. The news isn’t much better for credit cards. While American Express, Citi and Chase shower consumers with bonuses and perks, Wells Fargo plods along with   and reward card lineups that do not make the leader board for largess. Its bankers do this because they can, because they relied for years on a pushy sales culture in the branches where even people who actually said “yes” to the pitches weren’t in a position to compare them in the moment. So the bank didn’t need to have the best products. That flair for mediocrity may no longer work. Consumer credit card applications declined by a stunning 43 percent in December, 2016, compared with the same month a year earlier. The new Wells Fargo script might go like this: Many of our bankers tried to use you in the worst possible way, so we get why you’re staying away from our cards. But now we’re going to give more things away to all of you who stay loyal to us in our moment of professed contrition. Here’s one idea for starters: Given its status as a leader in mortgage lending and servicing, the bank ought to double what it pays out on its Home Rebate Signature credit card to people who use the rewards to pay down additional principal on their loans. At least 2 percent cash back is a good benchmark. CLARITY In its acquisition of Wachovia, Wells Fargo ended up with responsibility for a number of mortgage loans from an outfit called World Savings Bank. Many of those loans put borrowers in situations where their payments did not cover all of their interest costs, and some of those borrowers did not know it. Victor Amerling, who lives in Tenafly, N. J. is one borrower who had this kind of   negative amortization adjustable rate loan. He approached me for help months ago after having no luck getting Wells Fargo to explain to him how  —   when he explicitly signed up for a biweekly payment program designed to help him and his wife pay off their loan seven years early  —   he ended up in a situation where that will not happen after all. His letter from a Wells Fargo executive resolution specialist did not mention the nature of his loan Mr. Amerling learned of it only after I intervened with the company on his behalf and it disclosed that it had been in negative amortization territory for four years. Instead, the letter said that “we are unable to confirm when your loan will mature by making biweekly payments. ” According to the bank, that’s because the interest rate on his loan adjusts so often that it’s impossible to assess, though he could refinance if he wanted more certainty. In 2000, however, World Savings had given him a piece of paper showing a 2023 payoff date. “This was on an ironically termed ‘Truth in Lending’ statement,” Mr. Amerling said. “They baited me with 23 years, and nobody ever mentioned negative amortization to me. Not my lawyer, not the mortgage broker, not the bank’s lawyer, nobody. ” Wells Fargo did not cause this problem. But why hasn’t Wells Fargo been resetting his payments and those of people like him each year to keep them on track toward their goal of paying off their mortgage early? Vickee Adams, a spokeswoman, said the bank didn’t know who was in which payment plan or for what reason. Some people are in biweekly plans to pair their mortgage payment up with their biweekly paychecks, for instance. The bank still holds just under $39 billion in outstanding mortgage loans like Mr. Amerling’s. So a word of warning to anyone there or elsewhere with a mortgage that has an adjustable rate or is even remotely exotic:   with your bank each and every year to make sure you are on track to pay off the loan on your intended schedule. INTEGRITY Wells Fargo would like to help you invest your life savings, and it has an army of financial professionals standing by to help. But last year, three academics issued a working paper that ranked brokerage firms by the percentage of their investment professionals who had at least one black mark on their industry disciplinary records. Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network was the third worst: 15. 3 percent of the representatives had, say, been fired from a previous job for cause, settled a consumer dispute in the past or run into a severe financial problem of their own. That’s more than double the industrywide figure, which led the researchers to assume that financial institutions with high percentages were “specializing in misconduct. ” This is not a good look for an institution that has also admitted to signing banking customers up for products that they did not need and never asked for. Wells Fargo disputes the “misconduct specialization” label, though. “We wholeheartedly disagree with that assertion,” said Helen Bow, a spokeswoman. She added that in 2015, 434 people applied for affiliation with its network. (The advisers fly the Wells Fargo flag and tap into its resources but are not   employees.) Just 8. 3 percent of them had any sort of disclosure, and the bank accepted only 15 of the 434 total applicants. That represents real progress. One possibility here: a public declaration that its goal is to get that misconduct figure under, say, 4 percent for its advisers. GOOD CITIZENSHIP A bank with the size and resources of Wells Fargo should be able to innovate when it wants to, and there are signs that it can. The bank’s yourLoanTracker tool has the potential to help many mortgage applicants know exactly where they are in the process and what paperwork the bank needs, is missing or has lost. But at a moment when so many Americans are ready to turn their backs on elites and their institutions, this would be the perfect moment for a large financial services firm to say loudly and proudly that it stands for bringing many more struggling people back into the banking system. In her new book, “The Unbanking of America: How the New Middle Class Survives,” Lisa Servon, who worked in the   and   business as part of her research, offers a laundry list of   innovations that any bank could adopt. Wells Fargo executives should turn right to Chapter 8 to see them. There, she mentions KeyBank, a regional player with a   checking account now known as the “  Account. ” Wells Fargo has a similar offering that it could build on called “Opportunity Checking,” but it’s harder to avoid fees with that one. Nobody wants Wells Fargo to go away. Affluent people want more choices in financial services and better service, and   people urgently need them. So the bank ought not to run and hide. “That might be their instinct in the wake of their own crisis, to not take any risks and serve the same people in the same way and just try to keep their hands clean,” Ms. Servon said. “But they should take some risk with innovation. ”"
317,17637,"Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. - The New York Times",New York Times,Mike Hale,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"“Homeland,” a series always conscious of current events, tries for some enforced topicality in its sixth season, which begins on Sunday on Showtime. Moving out of the fall for the first time, the show has a story line pegged to its new winter slot and to the recent election: The season is set during a presidential transition, with a   whose relationship to intelligence agencies is dicey. Not even the most prescient of shows can see the future perfectly, though. The fictional incipient president is a woman (played by Elizabeth Marvel) and her politics appear to be dovish: She floats the idea of the United States’ pulling all its troops out of the Middle East. Those details put quite a distance between “Homeland” and the reality of the real   Donald J. Trump. But it’s not gender or   views that make the show feel out of tune with the times. It’s the courtesy the characters exhibit as they argue and negotiate, their automatic respect for the traditional processes of government. Life, at the moment, is scarier than fiction, and compared with the wholesale disintegration of civility taking place in Washington, “Homeland” looks quaint. It’s as if it were happening in another century. And that’s not a bad thing. There’s something comforting about the normalcy of plot and counterplot, action and intrigue. Those have always been the series’s strong points, not ideas, and it may be easier to focus on them without worrying about how closely the story is mimicking events. This peripatetic show is set for the first time in New York, where the former C. I. A. officer Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) is working for an outpost of the German foundation that employed her in Season 5. Otto Düring (Sebastian Koch) her boss and (as far as we know) unrequited admirer, asks why she’s wasting her time doing   work, helping Muslim Americans negotiate the legal system. The answer is that it’s where she can keep an eye on her soul mate, Quinn (Rupert Friend) who’s living in a veterans’ hospital after being   last season. The show’s usual roles have been reversed: Quinn is a   mess, and Carrie, who appears to be safely on her meds, is the caretaker. By the end of the season premiere, Quinn has moved into her basement.   episodes of “Homeland” tend to be a bit labored, as the elaborate machinery of the plot is put into place, and having only two episodes to review (presumably a defense against spoilers) makes it impossible to tell how   the machinery will be. Sunday’s premiere introduces two plot strands that we know will eventually, somehow, converge: A young Muslim video blogger (J. Mallory McCree) is arrested on what seem to be shaky grounds, and Dar (F. Murray Abraham) worries about a C. I. A. mission that needs to be completed quickly. Who’s the mole? When will Saul (Mandy Patinkin) stop doubting Carrie? In “Homeland” (as in “24,” also from the executive producer Howard Gordon) we look forward to the questions almost as much as to the answers. In the meantime, there’s more than enough pleasure to be had from the cast to keep us interested. Mr. Abraham and Mr. Patinkin, as his   C. I. A. colleague Saul, have perfected their partnership: Their scenes together are little masterpieces of gamesmanship and exasperation. Mr. Friend’s performance of   addiction may not convince every viewer, but it is, counterintuitively, fun to watch  —   he brings the same edge of sardonic humor to Quinn the junkie that he brought to Quinn the killing machine in past seasons. And Ms. Danes continues to deliver an interesting and sympathetic portrayal of a character whose trademark is her lack of humor. That’s a far more impressive trick than telling the future."
318,17638,"I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. - The New York Times",New York Times,Greg Howard,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"“The best people. ” This refrain rang throughout Donald Trump’s presidential campaign at times, it seemed to be his justification for being in the race at all. He wasn’t a politician  —   he was a businessman. He had never run a government, but he ran a company, and running a company is, at bottom, easy: You get the best people. The pitch worked, and Trump will be sworn in as the 45th president of the United States of America. In the meantime, he has been stocking his cabinet with what he promises are the best people. Even without thinking too hard about what “best” means  —   best for whom? to do what?  —   it’s still instructive to see who made the cut. The two people who will be perched on Trump’s shoulders, his chief of staff Reince Priebus and his chief strategist Steve Bannon, are white men. The top layer of his cabinet  —   the attorney general, as well as the secretaries of state, Treasury and defense  —   is made up of white men. In fact, if you print out a chart with the faces of Trump’s picks on it, the first thing you’re likely to notice about it is that his cabinet consists almost entirely of white men. And the second thing you’re likely to notice is Dr. Ben Carson. His is a conspicuous face. It’s black, for one, which makes it, in this cabinet, unique. It’s also famous: Carson is one of the   medical doctors of our time and mounted a presidential run of his own. But Carson’s face seems to be in the wrong place. The retired neurosurgeon won’t be running, say, Health and Human Services he’ll manage the Department of Housing and Urban Development. His inclusion is conspicuous for another reason too: Shortly after the election, Carson’s friend and adviser Armstrong Williams said that Carson wouldn’t take a cabinet position, because he had no governing experience. “The last thing he would want to do,” Williams said, “was take a position that could cripple the presidency. ” It seems very unlikely that a retired neurosurgeon with no governing experience is one of “the best people” to handle city planning and housing policies. So why is he there? Carson certainly looks like what people might call a token: Someone admitted into a space dominated by one group mostly to feign inclusivity toward others. It feels unkind to actually call him that: It’s rude, messy and dismissive of Carson’s agency and ability. Still, this administration stands to be mighty white and male, and its few women and people of color, tend to appear in roles that feel like afterthoughts or stereotypes. It’s almost funny in its clumsiness. Nikki Haley, who has virtually no   experience but is the child of Indian immigrants, will be ambassador to the United Nations. A black man will oversee housing projects. As of late December, Politico was reporting that Trump’s staff was “scrambling” to find a Hispanic candidate to head the Department of Agriculture. These appointees may be as accomplished and well qualified as anyone else in Trump’s cabinet. But the stagecraft and typecasting of their appointments are definitely what you might call tokenism, writ large and on full, public display. In 1961, President John F. Kennedy signed Executive Order 10925, which expanded on President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s order, signed 20 years earlier, which banned racial discrimination in the federal government and defense industries. Kennedy ordered that government contractors “take affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed, and that employees are treated during employment, without regard to their race, creed, color or national origin. ” Three years later, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 extended that action to women. The Civil Rights Act of 1968 banned housing discrimination. By the decade’s end there was, at least in theory, a commitment to include everyone in American life  —   an admission that per federal law, if only per federal law, women and brown people were full citizens. One response was violence. Where violence was ineffective or unacceptable, other forms of resistance had to suffice. Schools integrated spasmodically, often kicking and screaming in court. Workplaces often didn’t. Many white homeowners and landlords refused to sell or rent to families of color. In 1973 in New York, President Richard Nixon’s Department of Justice sued Donald Trump and his father for refusing to rent to black people. That the Trumps objected and denied this reflected not just their legal situation but a growing social consensus that things like naked racism and sexism were untoward  —   things few people wanted to be accused of or forced to defend. But institutions throughout the nation also found it difficult to stop doing them. This is the world that brought us modern American tokenism, both as a word and as a practice. People concluded that it was easier to fake inclusion than truly include women and people of color. The easiest course was to find one person who could serve as a   to appear in a classroom or a workplace to signal that everyone was getting a fair shot  —   not only when that was untrue, but because it was untrue and needed hiding. Tokenism is, above all, a form of misdirection. It’s the smiling Muslim kid on the school brochure, the black editorial assistant in the   newsroom, the telegenic woman serving as a campaign spokeswoman. By the   television and film had mastered this, too, dutifully checking off boxes with actors of color whose purpose was mainly to be seen. These were minor, disposable mascots who played to stereotypes, provided shallow comic relief or merely died first to show that others were in danger  —   the obnoxious gay best friend, the asexual Asian bookworm, the West Indian nanny. This type of character became such an established trope that the adult cartoon “South Park” featured an   child actually named Token. At tokenism’s cheapest and laziest, a mascot isn’t even necessary. People counter accusations of racism by pointing to their close but unidentified black friends. One October Trump rally featured a prominent “Blacks for Trump” sign that was held up by an elderly white woman. In politics, complaints about tokenism come from both sides. Those on the left accuse the right of using   tokens to create the false impression of a diverse, dynamic movement that both values and is supported by women and people of color. Those on the right accuse the left of valuing diversity over quality, ticking off racial boxes instead of insisting on merit. The defining difference between these analyses is obvious. In one, the suggestion is that people other than white men are qualified to do important jobs and too seldom get the chance in the other, the suggestion is that they often lack merit but are rewarded anyway. Last month on the Fox News program “Hannity,” the Trump adviser Newt Gingrich hailed what he saw as Trump’s dedication to the quality of cabinet appointments over arbitrary diversity. “This is what leads him to Jim Mattis,” Gingrich said. “This is what leads him to Rick Perry. I mean, he’s going to look for the best to come in. It’s a piece of what Trumpism is, as opposed to liberalism, which would look for the right token, surrogate, even if they were incompetent. ” But just one week later, Gingrich changed his tune. “There has to be more Hispanics in the administration,” he told Politico, which later reported that Trump’s search to fill that Department of Agriculture slot was extending even to people who were “  and have no experience in agriculture. ” Many white kids grow up learning that they can be anything: an astronaut, an inventor, the president. Many minorities of a certain age and place, kids who grew up before the possibility of a black president, were bused up Route 295 to Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore on   field trips, treated to speeches by a renowned neurosurgeon and taught that if they went to class, kept their heads in books and got good grades, they, too, could one day be like Ben Carson. I was one of those kids. This winter, while home for the holidays, I searched for his autobiography “Gifted Hands,” and found it resting on a shelf in my childhood bedroom “The Big Picture,” another of his books, was propped next to it, with my little brother’s name scrawled inside. A unique sort of sadness stirs within me when I watch Carson now. He is, in many ways, the best of us. Yet in the end, he’s just a tool for someone else. I recognize myself in him. My scholastic, athletic and professional careers have always taken me through   spaces in which I’m often alone and often the first. I’ve been called a token more times than I can count I’ve been one more times than I cared to. A token is always chosen, and there is a steady, throbbing angst that comes with being chosen over and over again, always knowing that, on some level, my abilities may be ancillary to my appearance. How do you know when you’re being used as an excuse? How can you tell the difference between a new employer who is making earnest steps toward diversity and one who is just trying to cover himself? What about the times when you know it’s the latter but want the spot, or need it, or tell yourself that being successful in it will crack the door wider for the next person? How do you prove that you belong? Can you?"
319,17639,"Meet Julio Torres, the New ‘S.N.L.’ Star No One Sees - The New York Times",New York Times,Jason Zinoman,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"At a sleepy show last month in the grim basement of the Broadway Comedy Club, a Midtown spot that feels frozen in time from the 1980s comedy boom, Julio Torres looked at his feet, speaking to a small crowd in a near monotone. “The hardest part about being vegan is the apologies,” he said, to silence. “People ask if I miss meat or dairy. I miss being liked. ” Mr. Torres, a millennial comic with a slight build, shy persona and a hint of an accent (he emigrated from El Salvador) is better known in alternative spaces than in clubs, but this line got a big laugh. He raised his   blond head and made eye contact before going for the kill: “I don’t miss cheese. I miss being asked to do things. I miss my friends and family. ” Judging by the    surroundings, you would never know that Mr. Torres is the newest star of “Saturday Night Live. ” He has never appeared on the show, but if you’ve been surprised by incongruously dreamy comedy this season, chances are he had something to do with it. Mr. Torres, who has the same delightfully alien sensibility as his sometimes nickname, Space Prince, joined the writing staff in the fall and has already introduced a new style to the show, which returns on Saturday after a holiday break. Early in his tenure, he wrote a distinctively moody digital short, half in Spanish, starring   Miranda as a sensitive boy named Diego calling his mother in Mexico from a telephone booth in a North Dakota cornfield, describing America with wonder and romance. (He explains a marshmallow salad with the baffled awe of someone seeing a U. F. O.) This monologue played as flashbacks of   signs and football players took nostalgic tropes of Americana and repurposed them into an immigrant’s love letter. There were slight homoerotic overtones but not a note of gay panic. Mr. Torres, with Anna Drezen, also wrote a “Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?” satire the next week that imagined the sparring partners of that 1962 drama as hamsters trapped in a glass box. One week later, he returned to highbrow animals in a digital short, released online, that imagined what a swan inside a motel painting would say if he could talk. Turns out, he would harass the duck nearby. “Have you inspired countless ballets?” said the swan, voiced by Dave Chappelle. “What was it called?” he asked, adding, “It wasn’t called Duck Lake. ” This rarefied comedy stands out on a   show that has long had a populist voice, leaning toward topical jokes, and broadly accessible references. But Mr. Torres’s approach is also not entirely successful, often more interesting than funny. Then again, he was just getting started. Much of his comedy on “Saturday Night Live” hinges on empathetic shifts in perspective, showing us the roiling inner life of an animal, an object (as in a   sketch from the point of view of a  sink having an existential crisis) or a person not known for introspection. His first real triumph was another surprising immigrant story: “Melania’s Moments,” a series of digital shorts that detailed the thoughts of the future first lady in a concise form that resembles the mellow   from the “S. N. L. ” writer Jack Handey’s “Deep Thoughts. ” Mr. Handey aimed for pure absurdity, but Mr. Torres makes Melania Trump a tragic,   heroine trapped in her gilded cage. Approaching a window in Trump Tower, like a cursed princess, she gazes onto Fifth Avenue, wondering about Sixth Avenue the way a Chekhov character dreams of Moscow. In another short, she wakes up in a cold sweat with the sense that her replacement is being born in rural Latvia, then decides to protect her. Even though the writing staffs of “Saturday Night Live” have been as rich in talent as the casts, the star system has always worked only for those on camera. Performers became famous, while writers, even those like James Downey, who defined political humor for a generation, toiled in relative obscurity, partly because the show never revealed who was responsible for which sketch. (Mr. Handey was an exception.) But this has been changing. The   John Mulaney has gained more than a little acclaim for writing jokes for the popular character Stefon, played by Bill Hader (who has given him credit in interviews). Comedy journalism online now covers writers’ rooms obsessively, and social media has also made the artistic process more transparent  —   with comics praising specific sketches.   New York comedy fans were already familiar with Mr. Torres (who appeared on Louis C. K.’s “Horace and Pete”) when he got the job. But he didn’t emerge from the usual clubs or improv factories. The buzz over his work grew in December, when he wrote two superb bits with Jeremy Beiler, digital shorts that earned laughs as much as knowing nods. Their sly ad for a new   toy for sensitive, lonely boys, “Wells for Boys,” uses a classic “S. N. L. ” format  —   the ad satire  —   for an arch idea, that the delicate child’s version of a monster truck is a plastic well to sit near and brood. But Mr. Torres and Mr. Beiler delivered an even more impressive feat with the formally clever, but also topical, companion to “Melania’s Moments” that was presented from the point of view of Donald J. Trump. We now spend so much time looking at Mr. Trump that putting us behind his eyes was a fertile concept. This short has a paranoid vibe out of “Rosemary’s Baby,” but, like all of Mr. Torres’s sketches, it has a tone that’s sneakily sympathetic. Mr. Trump (played by John Cena) doesn’t appear to be having any more fun than his wife does in “Melania’s Moments. ” Television blares insults about him. His handlers work him over, and his voters and colleagues bore him with tedium about politics and policy. Then comes relief (and the punch line) in the form of Kellyanne Conway, played by Kate McKinnon, who hypnotically encourages him to sleep. Mr. Trump dreams of a version of himself embracing him and declaring his love. Then the two Donald Trumps twirl together. This danse macabre is a study in   but it also proposes an idea that is not only characteristic of Mr. Torres’s work, but also helps explain how he has successfully translated his idiosyncratic vision for a broad audience: Never underestimate people’s capacity to see themselves as outsiders, because, in our own minds, we all at some point see ourselves a bit as space princes."
320,17642,"‘You Focus on the Good’: Women Who Voted for Trump, in Their Own Words - The New York Times",New York Times,Susan Chira,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"On Jan. 21, the day after the inauguration, women from all over the country will be rolling into Washington for what promises to be an enormous protest against Donald J. Trump. But millions of women went to the polls for Mr. Trump on Election Day, including, according to surveys, 53 percent of white women. Why did they? Conventional wisdom that his behavior and remarks would disqualify him in the eyes of many women proved wrong. Interviews with more than a dozen women around the country showed a range of reasons for their support: worries about the economy, anger about the Affordable Care Act and the price of health care, protection of Second Amendment rights, fears about immigration and terrorism, and opposition to abortion. But many women also voted against Hillary Clinton, voicing deep suspicions about the American deaths in Benghazi, Libya her use of a private email server and the hacked emails of the Democratic National Committee as proof that she said one thing in public and another in private. Here are excerpts, condensed and edited, from their thoughts. Voter: Rebecca Gregory, 46. Nurse. Home: Roseville, Mich. In 2008 and 2012, I voted for Obama, I was   marriage, Planned Parenthood was very important to me. But after eight years, I saw there was much more racial divide than there had ever been, I didn’t like the way the economy is going and I didn’t like the stance he took on police. My husband is a court officer and volunteers in the police force. [President Obama] didn’t support law enforcement the way he did the community that felt they were being unjustly treated. I think he could have done a better job instead of pointing blame. Instead of saying we need to educate people on how to behave when they’re being pulled over by the police. I’m seeing a barrage of patients coming in from different countries. An Iraqi immigrant came in last night, he needs dialysis. He will never be productive in the U. S. he will always be dependent on Medicaid. I feel for him, I want to help him, but we have to take care of our own people first. Driving to work yesterday, I saw three homeless people. They need our help. If I turned down every candidate who objectified women, I’d vote for no one. _____ Voter: Sandy Pearson, 48. Studying to be a mortgage broker. Home: Chattanooga, Tenn. Trump’s not a perfect man, by any means. He kind of reminds me of my  . I think he’s a really good man, deep down. This guy has such potential, and I truly believe he cares about our country and wants to help everyone. I do read things on occasion that he tweets and I think, oh my word. I wish I could have had 10 minutes with him. Listen, Donald, you need to straighten up and stop with this foolishness. What he said about women was disrespectful. But I don’t get offended like some people do. You get through the bad and you focus on the good. Basically these were our choices, and I felt he was the better choice, and I had to overlook the negatives and focus on the positives. At the very beginning of this election, I was leaning toward Bernie Sanders. I looked at all the candidates, what were their ideas to help our country out of debt and make our military strong and be there for our vets. I have so many friends whose health care costs have doubled and are having to get extra jobs just to pay their insurance. And I read all these things about people where their religious liberties are not being taken seriously. _____ Voter: Deb Alighire, 44. Engineer and program manager at Mopar, a subsidiary of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. Home: Clarkston, Mich. I’m very focused on bringing the plants back. In metro Detroit, waiters usually were younger people and during the time of hardship, the bankruptcies, it was very striking to me to go to a Papa Gino’s and have a   man being a waiter. Usually these people would have some kind of job related to the automotive industry. I’m super excited about Trump. I believe he knows how to build things. My dad worked at a coal power plant for 39 years and they’re freaked out about energy changing too quickly. I’m also concerned about immigration. I went to Minnesota and I had a Somali cabdriver who lectured me for 35 minutes to the airport about how women in America have too much freedom. My thought process on that is that I don’t like seeing people going through the hardship they go through, but I don’t want to go backwards in the feminist movement, either. _____ Voter: Taylor Davis, 27. Works in a small business. Home: Enfield, Conn. I helped campaign for Obama and I was a   Bernie supporter. When he backed Hillary Clinton, I couldn’t get behind it. Both my parents are engineers. My mom was an engineer long before many women in the field. When the economy started faltering, she went from a very high position at Pratt  Whitney to being unemployed for a year, and that was heartbreaking. I think that Trump really cares about having   jobs back here, not necessarily the service industry. Do I think Trump’s trying to send women back to the kitchen? No, his daughter is a great example. She ran the    campaign long before he ran for president. _____ Voter: Robin Mueller, 42. Preschool teacher. Home: Sterling Heights, Mich. I made up my mind for Trump at the last minute. Since my husband is in the military, I was concerned about having someone who didn’t have military experience, didn’t have the knowledge of dealing with world leaders. And I kind of thought he had a big mouth. But I had an    who was totally on the Trump train. He talked me into taking him to a Trump rally. I expected him to be like what I’d seen on the news, saying hateful things. But his presence was very calming and I liked his talking points. We really are the middle class, and we kind of get swept aside. The first time she ran against Obama, I was all on board for Hillary Clinton. I really wanted to have a female president. I think that’s important. But I’m not sure that’s her. In the past, her stance on abortion was more the way I feel, just for the first trimester, then she did a 360. She was here in the primary, having a debate with Bernie Sanders. He answered the question honestly. When they asked her the same question, she kind of danced around it. Then she went on “The View” and said she was for   abortions. Just take a stance, be honest. Same thing as with gay marriage, she wasn’t for it, then she was. I’m 100 percent for it. It’s ridiculous the way we tell people who they can and cannot marry. Don’t go back and forth. Don’t pander. I voted for Obama the last time. I don’t agree with a lot of what he said, but I felt he was honest. _____ Voter: Katie Holder, 39. Owns a   business. Home: Gulf Shores, Ala. I feel very, very badly for the people who are very scared for their way of life. From what I’m understanding, he’s only really wanting illegal immigrants that have committed crimes to be deported, which I agree with. I feel bad for the lesbian and gay and transsexual community that fear for their way of life. From what I understand, he says he’s not going to mess with that. Somebody called me a racist because I did vote for Trump. Hold on, you don’t know me. Doesn’t that make you a racist by calling me a racist when you don’t know me? I’m looking for a brighter future for me and my children, and honestly I felt l like our country was kind of at risk if we did elect Hillary. _____ Voter: Victoria Czapski, 45. Works in education. Home: Sterling Heights, Mich. I felt he had what it would take to get the country back on track. Being P. C. was going to kill the country. He speaks his mind and because of that, he’s not going to lie to you. I don’t want immigrants, accepting them without doing the background checks. Are these people terrorists? I don’t want to live in a country where we have to worry about going to the movie theater or the mall. Let’s be on the offensive, versus the defensive. We are a country based on immigrants. But I believe they should go through the process. My   came here, they had to learn English. This is a Christian country. The whole bending over backwards. He says what everyone’s thinking and is afraid to say. That doesn’t make anyone bigoted. I’m not saying there are people out there who shouldn’t be helped. I worked in the inner cities. They’re on welfare. They make a certain amount of money and everything gets taken away. That amount of money is so low that they have no incentive to work. Why don’t you allow them to gradually earn more money? Find a way to help people get over the hump. _____ Voter: Pam Cornett, 46. Formerly   now working in customer service. Home: Chattanooga, Tenn. I voted for Trump because I wanted change. I feel like our economy has totally tanked. People do not have disposable income. I feel the last eight years have been a joke. Obama was out for himself. I don’t think he really respected the office. I think it was more about him being a celebrity than a president. Trump’s a successful businessman, and I feel like that’s what America needs to bring our economy back. I don’t think Donald Trump is really Republican, to be quite honest with you. He’s not in a box. One of the most attractive things to me is he can’t be boxed. He wants to bring America back to what it was before. I don’t think it’s taking us back to women have no rights or slavery days. _____ Voter: Paula Filar, 71. Retired business owner. Home: Shelby Township, Mich. I thought if he would only have kept his mouth shut during the primary. About the way people looked, about their size. Really? About McCain. I mean, really? All of it was so egregious. I hated it, I cringed. All of that was bad, but it didn’t stop me. And it’s like Hillary has the right to talk about Trump when she stayed with a guy who was in the White House and took advantage of a young intern? Why would you stay with him? Benghazi. The emails. The I. R. S. She’s a liar. The Clintons got wealthy because of their position. I’d rather have someone there who doesn’t need the money. He’s got a message. He’s going to make a change. Her message was all him. All negative ads. I spent a long time in the staffing industry here, worked with the automotive industry. We weren’t competitive. That’s got to be turned around. We have to have incentives for companies to keep their work here. _____ Voter: Tangie Wooden, 44. Learning facilitator for Blue Cross of Tennessee. Home: Ringgold, Ga. When Trump became my only choice, I felt he was the lesser of two evils. I had major issues with Hillary as far as ethics was concerned. It seems she feels that she is above the law and nothing ever seems to stick. I didn’t particularly like everything he was saying as far as building a wall, and doing this to immigrants. I looked at that more as bravado, his audience needed that to get the applause. But there are allegations about killing people who get in her way  —   Vince Foster, people like that. Someone who has a big bravado is not as concerning to me as someone who might kill people who get in her way. _____ Voter: Kasia Riddle, 43. Substitute teacher. Home: Murfreesboro, Tenn. I run my household like a business, my classroom like a business. I expect him to run the country in such a manner. You don’t pay more money out than you have. You want to have your budget under control. You want to know the people you’re working with are above average. You want to pick the people based on what they can do, not on what they did for you. He’s not getting large amounts from donors based on what you’ll do for me later. _____ Voter: Guzin Karides, 49. Homemaker, former attorney. Home: Virginia Beach I laughed Trump off like everyone else did. Once I stopped laughing at him and started listening, I started to support him. I felt like once you got past the bluster, he really was interested in helping everyone. I do think having a secure border is very important. My father was a Muslim immigrant from Turkey, he went through the process. I don’t agree with a ban on Muslims, but my father was very wary of Muslims who came over if they didn’t have a reason to be here. He would support a full vetting, but not a total ban. I have always considered myself a feminist. For me, I want to be treated the exact same way. That’s not the feel I get from feminists today, they want extra privileges. I gave up my first marriage so I could be a law partner and then I had to give up on my partnership so I could be a better mom. To say women are going backwards would be wrong. Look at how much Trump hires women, how much he does rely on women, how much he relies on his own daughter. I’m sort of amazed by her. She may pull him more into the middle. She’ll be a good voice for women."
321,17643,"‘All Talk,’ ‘No Action,’ Says Trump in Twitter Attack on Civil Rights Icon - The New York Times",New York Times,Mark Landler,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   On Friday, Representative John Lewis, Democrat of Georgia, declared that he did not view Donald J. Trump as a “legitimate president. ” Mr. Lewis, an icon of the civil rights movement, said he planned to boycott the inauguration, the first he will skip in three decades. On Saturday, Mr. Trump hit back. “Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results,” Mr. Trump said in a pair of early morning Twitter posts. “All talk, talk, talk  —   no action or results,” he added. “Sad!” While some questioned Mr. Lewis’s assertion, many others expressed indignation about Mr. Trump’s outburst, pointing out the unseemliness of attacking a civil rights leader on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Mr. Lewis was one of the original Freedom Riders, beaten by police officers while marching from Selma to Montgomery in Alabama. Others ridiculed Mr. Trump’s characterization of Mr. Lewis’s district, which is majority   and encompasses   of Atlanta, as “horrible,” “falling apart” and “crime infested. ” In fact, Georgia’s Fifth Congressional District includes parts of wealthy areas like Buckhead the world’s busiest airport,   the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Georgia Institute of Technology. Some pointed out that fighting with Mr. Lewis distracted attention from a Senate investigation, announced the day before, that will look at possible contacts between Mr. Trump’s campaign team and Russia. In addition, Mr. Trump’s poll numbers have slipped into uncharted depths for an incoming president, with a Gallup poll released on Friday finding that about half of Americans disapprove of Mr. Trump’s transition effort. Mr. Trump’s feud with Mr. Lewis carried echoes of his attacks on Khizr and Ghazala Khan, the   parents of an American soldier killed in Iraq, after Mr. Khan spoke out against Mr. Trump at the Democratic National Convention. Those attacks were widely viewed to have backfired, and Mr. Trump later modulated his words about the Khans. Mr. Trump himself has experience questioning a president’s legitimacy. He was instrumental in sowing doubts about President Obama’s birthplace. Mr. Lewis, who is 76 and was first elected to Congress in 1987, is one of the few genuinely historic figures on Capitol Hill, revered by Democrats and Republicans alike. Allies of Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama and Mr. Trump’s nominee for attorney general, circulated pictures of him linking arms with Mr. Lewis at the 50th anniversary of the Selma march to fend off accusations that Mr. Sessions was a racist. Nevertheless, Mr. Lewis testified against Mr. Sessions, declaring, “We need someone as attorney general who’s going to look out for all of us, and not just some of us. ” A few critics, including David Axelrod, a former senior adviser to Mr. Obama, said they disagreed with Mr. Lewis’s statement that Mr. Trump was not legitimate, which he made in an interview with Chuck Todd of NBC News and which will be broadcast on “Meet the Press” on Sunday. Still, Mr. Axelrod said of Mr. Lewis: “I honor the man he is. Honesty integrity courage  —   these are qualities you can’t buy. ” In his interview with Mr. Todd, Mr. Lewis said he believed that the Russians had delivered the election to Mr. Trump. “You know, I believe in forgiveness,” he said. “I believe in trying to work with people. It will be hard. It’s going to be very difficult. I don’t see this   as a legitimate president. ” Mr. Lewis is one of a handful of Democratic members of Congress who have announced that they will boycott the inauguration on Friday. Others include Barbara Lee of California, Earl Blumenauer of Oregon, Katherine Clark of Massachusetts and Luis Gutiérrez of Illinois."
322,17644,Democrats Confront F.B.I. Chief at Closed-Door Intelligence Briefing - The New York Times,New York Times,Matthew Rosenberg and Adam Goldman,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   America’s intelligence chiefs sat down with members of Congress behind closed doors on Friday for what they thought would be a straightforward briefing on Russian cyberattacks. What ensued instead was a confrontation Democrats have long sought with James B. Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Why, the House Democrats demanded to know, did Mr. Comey believe it was O. K. to make repeated disclosures during the campaign about the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails but to this day refuse to say if the F. B. I. is investigating links between the Trump campaign and Russia? His answers did not prove very satisfying. Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the minority leader, grew so frustrated that at one point she chastised Mr. Comey for being “condescending to members. ” Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, who was chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee when it was hacked, asked why Mr. Comey had never called her about the intrusions, which began in August 2015 and continued over the course of many months. The F. B. I. notified the committee of the original hacking, but reached a   tech support contractor and went back and forth with him for months before the leadership of the organization was informed and took steps to halt the intrusion. The committee and the bureau have blamed each other for the delay, and the pattern continued on Friday, according to multiple Democrats in the meeting. Afterward, Representative Adam B. Schiff, Democrat of California, called the tenor of the exchanges “contentious at times. ” “I don’t want to go into the contents of what were discussed,” Mr. Schiff said. But “a great many members are concerned with whether the director has employed a double standard. ” The hearing took place a day after the Justice Department’s inspector general said it was investigating Mr. Comey’s decision during the campaign to hold a news conference announcing the end of the case  —   and then, just before the election, inform Congress there was possible new evidence only to say days later that it did not amount to anything. Mr. Comey “didn’t really answer,” said Representative Jerrold Nadler of New York. He dismissively referred to Mr. Comey as “a policeman,” and added, “I don’t remember anything substantive he said. ” The reaction to the assessment by intelligence agencies that Russia sought to promote the candidacy of Donald J. Trump has been mixed. Mr. Trump has seen it as undermining his electoral victory and ridiculed the agencies, accusing them this week of using leaks to discredit him after it briefed him on a dossier of unsubstantiated reports of compromising personal information the Russians allegedly collected. But on Friday, Senator Richard M. Burr of North Carolina, the chairman of the Intelligence Committee, and the panel’s vice chairman, Senator Mark Warner, Democrat of Virginia, announced that the committee would hold hearings on the Russian activity and its effect on the election. Before Russians were an issue, there was the F. B. I. investigation into whether Mrs. Clinton or her aides mishandled classified information that was in emails on a private server she was using. Mr. Comey discussed the investigation and sharply criticized Mrs. Clinton at a news conference announcing that no charges would be brought against her. He also wrote two letters near the end of the campaign that Clinton supporters say cost her the election. But Mr. Comey has not publicly commented on whether there are any open investigations of Mr. Trump or anyone associated with his campaign. Democrats said the closest Mr. Comey came on Friday to offering an explanation for his actions was to say he would only disclose an ongoing investigation if the public had an overwhelming need to know about it or if it was obvious there was one underway. He said he did not believe any possible investigation into Trump or his associates met either standard. The F. B. I. ’s position is that it does not discuss counterintelligence investigations that could compromise important methods and sources. Speaking to reporters afterward, Ms. Pelosi said that “really, the American people are owed the truth. ” “There is a great deal of evidence to say that this is an issue of high interest to the American people,” she continued. “For that reason, the F. B. I. should let us know whether they’re doing that investigation or not. They’re usually inscrutable. ” The F. B. I. declined to comment on the meeting. Mr. Nadler said he thought Mr. Comey should have been fired “months ago. ” Other Democrats, perhaps concerned about who Mr. Trump would name to replace Mr. Comey, either said that he should remain on the job or that they were still unsure. The meeting in the auditorium of the Capitol’s visitor center was standing room only. Some Republicans unsurprisingly had a different reaction. “Their questions and comments seemed to make the case that Hillary Clinton would be president if it were not for hacking,” Representative Steve King of Iowa said. Mr. King left the meeting unconvinced about the Russian hacking, which the intelligence chiefs did manage to discuss amid the questions about Mr. Comey’s conduct. The congressman added that he thought “some” intelligence officials were trustworthy. But “not all. People there need to be rooted out,” he said without elaborating."
323,17645,Jennifer Holliday Decides Not to Sing for Trump After Opposition - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael Paulson,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"Jennifer Holliday, the   winning singer who on Friday said she planned to sing at an   welcome concert next week, on Saturday changed her mind, citing opposition to her appearance from the gay and lesbian community. Ms. Holliday, in a letter she provided to The Wrap, an entertainment news website, said she would no longer take part in any events affiliated with the inauguration of Donald J. Trump as president. Her decision to withdraw, she said, was influenced by an article in The Daily Beast about how her planned appearance was heartbreaking to her gay fans. She also retweeted an   piece in the Boston Globe describing Mr. Trump’s cabinet nominees as “a who’s who of homophobia. ” “I sincerely apologize for my lapse of judgment, for being uneducated on the issues that affect every American at this crucial time in history and for causing such dismay and heartbreak to my fans,” she wrote. “Please know that I HEAR YOU and I feel your pain,” she added. “The LGBT Community was mostly responsible for birthing my career and I am deeply indebted to you.   …     You have loved me faithfully and unconditionally and for so many years you provided me with work even though my star had long since faded. ” Her spokesman, William Carpenter, confirmed the withdrawal. “After she saw how hurt so many people were at the idea of her performing, she decided to pull out and not cause any extra anger or hurt,” he said in an email. Ms. Holliday won a Tony Award in 1982 for her performance as Effie White in the original production of “Dreamgirls,” and she returned to Broadway this season as a replacement Shug Avery in a revival of “The Color Purple. ” In an interview on Friday, she said that although she had voted for Hillary Clinton for president, she agreed to sing at a welcome concert on the National Mall the day before Mr. Trump’s inauguration because she viewed it as a performance for the people, not the politician. She noted that she had performed at the invitation of Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, and viewed this invitation in that context. Nevertheless, her decision was greeted with a firestorm of opposition on social media from fans who argued that Mr. Trump is different from his Republican predecessors and that because of the nature of his rhetoric and his positions, she should not perform. On Saturday, she said she had found those arguments persuasive. “I was honestly just thinking that I wanted my voice to be a healing and unifying force for hope through music to help our deeply polarized country,” she wrote. “Regretfully, I did not take into consideration that my performing for the concert would actually instead be taken as a political act against my own personal beliefs and be mistaken for support of Donald Trump and Mike Pence. ” Ms. Holliday elaborated on her decision in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, expressing concern about remarks Mr. Trump made on Saturday on Twitter. He referred to Representative John Lewis, an icon of the civil rights movement, as “all talk, talk, talk  —   no action or results. ” Ms. Holliday said she had “a personal bond” with Mr. Lewis and had sung not only at his 75th birthday celebration but also at his wife’s funeral. She questioned whether Mr. Trump was serious when he said Mr. Lewis was “‘all talk and no action?’ He’s already taken the action, the ultimate action, his blood on the bridge. ” “It’s like, ‘Really? ’” Ms. Holliday said. “I thought that was just very disrespectful and an insult to every person. ” Mr. Trump has had considerable difficulty attracting celebrities to perform at his inauguration  —   many have instead expressed opposition to his administration, and some plan to appear at protest events."
324,17647,"Efforts to Curb Police Abuses Have Mixed Record, and Uncertain Future - The New York Times",New York Times,Shaila Dewan and Richard A. Oppel Jr.,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"Looking to the federal government to rein in police excesses can be an exercise in managed expectations. On Friday, Chicago agreed to revamp its police department after the Justice Department found routine use of excessive force, and the mayor said he would negotiate a   settlement, known as a consent decree. But that is no guarantee of results  —   and not just because the man most likely to be the next attorney general has said he is skeptical of such endeavors. Attempts to force change in police departments have met with mixed success even under the Obama administration, which made police reform a signature issue. It has opened 25 investigations into law enforcement agencies over issues like excessive force, racial bias and poor supervision, issuing reports choking with outrage. Los Angeles, which was under a consent decree for 11 years, is regarded as one of the great success stories. “Los Angeles is a different place today because of the consent decree and the leadership of the department,” said Chuck Wexler, the executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum, a Washington think tank. In Detroit, which emerged from a   consent decree last year, officer shootings and warrantless arrests have declined significantly. But Pittsburgh, the target of the first consent decree based on a Justice Department finding of a “pattern and practice” of misconduct, later backslid after changes in leadership, said Samuel Walker, a criminal justice professor at the University of Nebraska at Omaha. And while Miami reduced police shootings to zero for 20 months after a federal investigation in 2002 that was later closed with no settlement, the Justice Department in 2013 reinvestigated and found a pattern of excessive force with firearms, underscoring some experts’ view that consent decrees or other settlements are needed for enduring improvements. Last year, Miami settled the 2013 inquiry by agreeing to improve supervision, training and internal investigations. The “pattern and practice” approach developed after the Rodney King beating in Los Angeles in 1991 forced a period of national introspection over how to curb misconduct if individual officers could not be held accountable. A jury’s decision not to convict the four officers charged in the attack on Mr. King incited deadly riots. Since the early attempts, Mr. Walker said, consent decrees have evolved to be more sophisticated and comprehensive. “The general pattern is that there is some backsliding on some issues,” he said, “but I don’t think there’s a case where a department has completely collapsed back to where it was before. ” Still, Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama and the nominee for attorney general under   Donald J. Trump, called them “dangerous,” writing in 2008 that they “constitute an end run around the democratic process. ” At his confirmation hearing this past week, he softened that critique, saying there were some circumstances that legitimately demanded consent decrees and that those already in place would be enforced. But, Mr. Sessions said, lawsuits could unfairly target whole police departments for the misdeeds of a few bad actors. “These lawsuits undermine the respect for police officers and create an impression that the entire department is not doing their work consistent with fidelity to law and fairness,” he said. His critique did not extend to how well consent decrees actually work. But experts say that even systemic changes, like greater oversight of officers’ use of force, can be slow to yield results. “They change the ‘inputs’ through training, record keeping, community involvement and other internal reforms, but the inputs don’t necessarily translate into changes in ‘outputs’ including racial disparities, use of force, or other constitutional issues,” wrote Jeff Fagan, a Columbia University law professor, in an email. “The results have been quite variable. ” Consent decrees can span years and many of the Obama administration’s key settlements have just begun, including those in Cleveland and Albuquerque. So it would be premature to assess their success. Some reform advocates have expressed fears that the Trump administration will fail to investigate police departments or enforce consent decrees, robbing them of what they view as a crucial lever to compel change. Even some police chiefs might mourn a retreat from consent decrees. Baltimore’s police commissioner, Kevin Davis, has said that a consent decree would aid community relations. Charles H. Ramsey, who as Washington’s police chief invited the Justice Department to review his department, said, “The DOJ gives legitimacy to the changes that you’re making. ” Chiefs may want consent decrees in order to insulate them from political and union opposition to change, as well as make it easier to demand money to pay for reforms. Mr. Sessions wrote in his critique of consent decrees in 2008 that he is aware of that strategy. “Such decrees are particularly offensive when certain governmental agencies secretly delight in being sued because they hope a settlement will be reached resulting in the agency receiving more money,” he wrote. “Thus, the taxpayers ultimately fund the settlement enacted through this undemocratic process. ”"
325,17648,"Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race - The New York Times",New York Times,Michael D. Shear and Yamiche Alcindor,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Only weeks after 70 million Americans chose a black man for president, shattering a racial barrier that had stood for the entirety of the nation’s   history, no one in the White House, especially the man in the Oval Office, wanted to talk about race. President Obama had made a pragmatic calculation in January 2009, as the financial crisis drove communities across the United States toward economic collapse. Whatever he did for   whose neighborhoods were suffering more than others, he would not describe as efforts to specifically help Black America. Mr. Obama made the decision knowing how powerfully his election had raised the hopes of    —   and knowing that no matter what he did, it would not be seen as enough. “I remember thinking, ‘They are going to hate us one day,’” said Melody Barnes, who is black and served as Mr. Obama’s first domestic policy adviser, recalling her sadness when she stood in an auditorium in those early months as a crowd cheered for the success of the new president. “I knew that we couldn’t do everything that people wanted to meet those expectations. ” The fear inside the West Wing was that promoting a “black agenda” and aiming programs directly at   at a time of widespread economic anxiety would provoke a white backlash  —   the kind that, years later, White House officials would view as helping to elect Donald J. Trump. “At a minimum, that would have been tone deaf,” said Eric H. Holder Jr. who served as the nation’s first   attorney general during much of Mr. Obama’s presidency, “and at worst, would have created a reaction in the larger community that would have prevented the things you wanted to do. ” Mr. Obama, who had grown up straddling two worlds as the son of a black man from Kenya and a white woman from Kansas, wanted to be the president of all America. Framing his efforts in racial terms could exacerbate something that was already simmering, he thought. “The most important thing I can do is to lift the economy over all,” Mr. Obama told reporters in the summer of 2009 when he was asked about doing more to help   recover economically. But over the next seven and a half years, racial tensions across the country forced Mr. Obama to abandon his early reticence on race again and again. Ultimately he led a national conversation on race ignited by spasms of violence  —   police shootings and protests in Florida, South Carolina, Missouri and elsewhere. Inside the White House, aides recall them as among his most painful moments as president. “After my election there was talk of a   America,” Mr. Obama said in his farewell speech on Tuesday in Chicago, reflecting on the threat that racial strife poses for the country’s democratic ideals. “Such a vision, however well intended, was never realistic. Race remains a potent and often divisive force in our society. ” After he leaves office, Mr. Obama will continue that conversation in work for My Brother’s Keeper and other programs to help black youths. There is plenty to do. As much as his   presidency has inspired and empowered   black unemployment is still about double that for whites. Nearly a quarter of blacks are living in poverty, almost the same as in 1976. “He made it seem like everything was all good, and it’s not,” said Thelonious Stokes, 21, a black artist whose experiences of being racially profiled in Chicago left him jaded about the state of race relations. “We almost needed Trump to show the true state of America. ” Mr. Obama’s earliest public reflection about race as president backfired. Asked about a black Harvard professor, Henry Louis Gates Jr. a friend of Mr. Obama’s who was arrested in July 2009 trying to enter his own house by a white officer, Mr. Obama immediately took sides. “It is fair to say,” the president said six days after the arrest at a   news conference, “that the Cambridge police acted stupidly. ” Those words  —   and the frenzied reaction to them  —   helped deepen the caution about racial issues inside the White House. For days, the president’s critique of the arresting officer dominated the news and the morning staff meetings in the West Wing. Robert Gibbs, the press secretary, was especially agitated, his colleagues recalled, and argued that the White House had to do something to change the subject. Mr. Gibbs succeeded in pushing for what the news media quickly labeled a “beer summit” on the edge of the Rose Garden in the White House, where Mr. Gates and the arresting officer, Sgt. James Crowley, joined Mr. Obama over beer for a discussion. “It had to be cauterized in a way that it would stop leading the news,” Valerie Jarrett, Mr. Obama’s closest adviser, conceded. Professor Gates, for one, was pleased. “I don’t think anybody but Barack Obama would have thought about bringing us together,” he said at the time. As a candidate for president in 2008, Mr. Obama had drawn praise for confronting racial divisions during a powerful speech he delivered about his former pastor, the Rev. Jeremiah A. Wright Jr. who had characterized the United States as fundamentally racist and the government as corrupt. “The profound mistake of Reverend Wright’s sermons is not that he spoke about racism in our society. It’s that he spoke as if our society was static as if no progress had been made,” Mr. Obama said that March day in Philadelphia, urging people to move beyond old racial wounds. “Let us be our brother’s keeper, Scripture tells us. Let us be our sister’s keeper. Let us find that common stake we all have in one another, and let our politics reflect that spirit as well. ” But the beer summit was deeply disturbing to many of the president’s   advisers, who thought he should not have backed down. The officer had acted stupidly, they thought, and the nation’s first black president ought to be able to say so. The meeting “was demeaning and diminished his leadership and his voice at that moment,” one of them recalled, asking for anonymity to bluntly discuss the topic. “People thought we were being punked. I got so many emails, so many phone calls from people I respected: ‘He was right. Why are you backpedaling? ’” Inside the West Wing, the impact was clear. Mr. Obama would have to be more cautious when it came to racial issues, particularly ahead of the 2012   campaign. The issue of race was too divisive at a time when Mr. Obama needed to emphasize inclusion. “What it did teach us is that you just have to be careful about the words that you choose,” Ms. Jarrett said. “It doesn’t mean you shy away from issues that arise that deal with race, just as he didn’t shy away from Reverend Wright. But you have to be sensitive to a long history of people reacting strongly to the topic. ” Outside the White House, people noticed, too: “He plainly arrested him because he was black,” said Edward G. Robinson Sr. who is black and works at a box factory in Cleveland. Mr. Obama “backtracked because he wanted to be everybody’s president. ” Like others, Mr. Robinson said the president was met with racially motivated disrespect in Washington, and pointed to the moment when a white Republican lawmaker yelled, “You lie!” at the president during a congressional address. The White House would go on to publish reports about its efforts to help   including details about the impact that the Affordable Care Act was having to help poor blacks. But Mr. Obama rarely talked about race publicly during the next few years. The president’s voice was shaking with emotion. “If I had a son he would look like Trayvon Martin,” Mr. Obama told Ms. Jarrett and David Plouffe, his senior adviser and former campaign manager, as the three talked in the Oval Office about what the president should say publicly about the death of the      at the hands of a neighborhood watch volunteer in Florida. “I am going to say that. ” It was March 2012, nearly three years after the beer summit. The specter of that meeting still hovered and Mr. Obama was, in a sense, taking sides again. But in personalizing the shooting, his aides recalled, Mr. Obama’s hope was that people might view   boys differently if they saw Trayvon through the president’s own eyes. Mr. Obama headed out to the Rose Garden, announced his nomination of a new World Bank president, then took the question from a reporter that everyone knew was coming: “Can you comment on the Trayvon Martin case, sir?” Mr. Obama called it a tragedy, said he was glad the Justice Department was looking into it, reflected on how the nation was doing necessary soul searching and then concluded: “But my main message is to the parents of Trayvon Martin. If I had a son, he’d look like Trayvon. ’’ Moments after Mr. Obama returned to the Oval Office, Gene Sperling, one of his top economic advisers, stopped by with tears in his eyes. “You can’t imagine what that will mean to my son,” Mr. Sperling, who is white and is married to an   woman, told the president, according to a colleague who was there at the time. This time, the president’s comments were embraced by many outside the White House, too. Media reports focused on the emotion Mr. Obama had displayed  —   rare for a politician whose usual demeanor was cool and professorial. “For him to say things like that in front of the entire country and the world, I think sends a strong message to people,” Ryan Shultz, 33, an art teacher in Chicago who is white, said in a recent interview. But others viewed the president’s comments that day as a continuing affront to police officers and a saw in them a willingness to take sides in the racial debate. For at least one person, it went further. Dylann S. Roof, the white supremacist who killed nine parishioners in Charleston, S. C. in 2015, later said he was inspired to kill because of media coverage of Trayvon’s shooting. “Crime is still bad and police are still shooting black people left and right,” Mr. Shultz said. “I live in Chicago  —   a murder capital of the United States  —   and it’s crazy and it hasn’t gotten that much better, I don’t think. ” Michael Brown, an unarmed black teenager, was shot and killed by Darren Wilson, a white police officer, in Ferguson, Mo. shortly after noon on Aug. 9, 2014. Only minutes before, Mr. Obama had arrived on Martha’s Vineyard for his summer vacation, which would soon be dominated by how to respond to the racial violence that Mr. Brown’s death unleashed. The president and his aides, including Mr. Holder and Ms. Jarrett, who were also vacationing on the island, made urgent calls to Missouri’s governor, state police officials and civil rights leaders. They debated whether Mr. Obama should go to Ferguson, and decided against it, knowing that a presidential visit would be disruptive. Mr. Holder would go instead. But the more urgent question for the three of them was how to weigh in. The president was wary of putting his thumb on the scale in a case destined to be investigated by the federal authorities. But it was just as clear that tensions between the police and   were increasing  —   not only in Ferguson, but also around the country. If Mr. Obama wasn’t the right person to step into that issue, who was? “You want to try to calm the situation,” Mr. Holder said, recalling the discussions he had with the president and Ms. Jarrett about what to say. “You want to reassure the community that an investigation will be done and done fully. But you want to make sure that the people in law enforcement know it is done fairly. ” “There was that trust gap,” he added. “That was something that had to be dealt with. ” As the violence worsened, Mr. Holder, Mr. Obama and Ms. Jarrett concluded that the president needed to denounce the violence  —   and at the same time criticize the police for their conduct during the protests. “There is never an excuse for violence against police or for those who would use this tragedy as a cover for vandalism or looting,” the president said in a televised statement on Aug. 14 from Edgartown, Mass. But he added, “There’s also no excuse for police to use excessive force against peaceful protests or to throw protesters in jail for lawfully exercising their First Amendment rights. ” For the rest of his presidency, Mr. Obama would strive for the balance he struck in his remarks that day: empathy and understanding for   and support for the police and the rule of law. But however he weighed in, the events in Ferguson made clear that he could no longer hang back and instead had to lead a national debate about race, violence and unity. “Once it was so in America’s face, police brutality, it blew the circuit,” said Bill Burton, an   who served as deputy White House press secretary during the first term. “It made it possible to have that conversation that our country had actively not been having. ” Inevitably, Mr. Obama’s striving for balance often left him vilified by both sides. Jim Pasco, the executive director of the Fraternal Order of Police, rebuked Mr. Obama for not being “helpful” in discussing police tactics from his vacation. Years later, Mr. Pasco told NPR that the president often struck the wrong tone when he talked about race and policing. “The president has never been a police officer. He’s never walked in a police officer’s shoes,” Mr. Pasco said last July. “There’s kind of a breakdown in communication more than there is a breakdown in insincerity or intent. ” Ja’Mal Green, a    Black Lives Matter activist based in Chicago, said he thought Mr. Obama “ignored” the calls of organizers for federal policy and funding aimed at stopping police brutality. Mr. Green said he also grew tired of hearing Mr. Obama couple his grief for families in racially charged shooting episodes with statements supporting white police officers. “He is trying to walk a neutral line and he wants to please both sides,” Mr. Green said. “He wants to please black people and then he wants to please police supporters and police officers and police unions. But sometimes you have to pick a side in situations. You need to pick your time when you fight for home or you’ll just have everybody hating you. ’” Mr. Stokes, the    artist from Chicago, felt similarly disappointed. “Chicago is the exact same,” Mr. Stokes said. “He simply opened up, maybe, a lane for young men like me to just maybe be accepted a little bit more to people that don’t accept educated black people. But that’s it, literally. White America is still running everything, and that means that nothing is changing. ” Less than a year after Mr. Brown’s death in Ferguson, on June 17, 2015, nine   parishioners, including a pastor, were gunned down by a    white supremacist during a church meeting in Charleston. Two days later, the victims’ families addressed Mr. Roof, the gunman, at a court hearing, where one by one they forgave him. “You took something very precious away from me,” Nadine Collier, the daughter of    Ethel Lance, told Mr. Roof, as her voice rose in anguish. “I will never talk to her ever again. I will never be able to hold her again. But I forgive you. And have mercy on your soul. ” It was an extraordinary scene, broadcast live on television, which moved many who saw it to tears. Mr. Obama was traveling and did not see it in real time, but when Eric Schultz, the deputy press secretary, read Ms. Collier’s words out loud to Mr. Obama on Marine One, the presidential helicopter, the president was awed by what he heard. “He said, ‘That’s what we need to recognize here, the ability of people to forgive on the worst day of their lives.’ It really struck him,” Ms Jarrett recalled. “We sat there and talked about it on the helicopter. About that quality, the amazing grace. ” Later, in the Oval Office, Mr. Obama struggled with his chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, to come up with the right words for a eulogy for the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney, the pastor of the Charleston church and a friend of the president’s. “I’ve got nothing to say,” Mr. Keenan told Mr. Obama, according to Ms. Jarrett. “You’ve said everything that one could possibly say on the subject. ” Eventually, the president decided that instead of talking about guns he would talk about what black churches stood for and the meaning of grace. “It would be a betrayal of everything Reverend Pinckney stood for, I believe, if we allowed ourselves to slip into a comfortable silence again,” the president told a hushed audience at the memorial service. “Once the eulogies have been delivered, once the TV cameras move on, to go back to business as usual  —   that’s what we so often do to avoid uncomfortable truths about the prejudice that still infects our society. To settle for symbolic gestures without following up with the hard work of more lasting change  —   that’s how we lose our way again. ” The week before, during a podcast interview with Marc Maron, the comedian, Mr. Obama had caused a minor stir by using the word “nigger” in answering a question about race relations. He knew it would cause a ripple, an aide with him recalled, but he shrugged. At the beginning of his term, the podcast could have caused a fury and Mr. Obama might have pulled back again. But events in the country  —   especially the deaths of young black men  —   had given him more opportunities to engage the topic. Mr. Pinckney’s funeral was one of them. “He’s not going to just whistle in the wind,” Ms. Jarrett said. “He’s looking for a chance to talk to people when they are ready to hear him. He doesn’t ignore moments. ” One of those moments came this past May. Mr. Obama had a little more than eight months left in office, and he had already said plenty about race. But as he headed to deliver the 2016 commencement address at Howard University, the historically black college in Washington, Mr. Obama said he had something he wanted to add. It was a message to young   the ones who wanted to protest the injustices they saw around them. The president had invited some of them to the White House to talk with him about their cause, and in a few cases, they refused the invitation. People close to him said that made him burn. “You can be completely right, and you still are going to have to engage folks who disagree with you,” Mr. Obama told the students that day, speaking more to members of the Black Lives Matter movement than to the graduates before him. Being “as uncompromising as possible, you will feel good about yourself, you will enjoy a certain moral purity, but you’re not going to get what you want. ” For the president, a onetime community organizer in Chicago, it was a crucial distinction. Mr. Obama had tilted against the powerful and connected  —   he called his time as an organizer “the best education I ever had, better than anything I got at Harvard Law School. ” His approach had always been more strategic than confrontational and foreshadowed his cautious, meticulous attitude in the White House. In the speech, Mr. Obama recalled working as a young Illinois state senator to fight racial profiling, not by calling the police racist, but by sitting down and negotiating a new law. “So we engaged and we listened, and we kept working until we built consensus,” he said. By the time he became president, people close to Mr. Obama said, he was frustrated by the idea that young activists would view themselves as tainted if they came into the White House to talk to him. In the speech, he urged the young protesters not to give in to the idea that the system is rigged. “That will lead to more cynicism, and less participation, and a downward spiral of more injustice and more anger and more despair,” he said. “And that’s never been the source of our progress. That’s how we cheat ourselves of progress. ” “Listen,” he told the students. “Engage. If the other side has a point, learn from them. If they’re wrong, rebut them. Teach them. ” Mr. Obama has told people that he avoided framing his early White House efforts in overtly racial terms because he wanted to avoid a white backlash  —   but acknowledges that he got one anyway. Still, the president repeatedly tells crowds like the students at Howard that race relations are better since he graduated from college. “To deny how far we’ve come would do a disservice to the cause of justice, to the legions of foot soldiers,” he told them last May. Two days after the 2016 election, Mr. Obama took his own advice about engaging adversaries by sitting down in the Oval Office for 90 minutes with Mr. Trump. Many in his party were still in shock about the election’s results, and wanted to see fury from their president. Instead, he offered a hand. In Atlanta, Latonda Henderson, a    marketing consultant, watched Mr. Obama’s meeting with Mr. Trump with admiration as the president she loved sat down with the man who had led the movement questioning the legitimacy of his birth certificate. “You sit down with people who opposed you,” said Ms. Henderson, who is black. “You sit down and try to find a common ground with people who were attacking your family, spitting on your family. That’s President Obama’s legacy. ”"
326,17650,The Water in Your Glass Might Be Older Than the Sun - The New York Times,New York Times,Nicholas St. Fleur,2017-01-09,2017.0,1.0,," Every Friday, we’ll offer a Trilobite talking point to help you bring a bit more science to your weekend conversations. Earth is old. The sun is old. But do you know what may be even older than both? Water. It’s a mystery how the world became awash in it. But one prevailing theory says that water originated on our planet from ice specks floating in a cosmic cloud before our sun was set ablaze, more than 4. 6 billion years ago. As much as half of all the water on Earth may have come from that interstellar gas according to astrophysicists’ calculations. That means the same liquid we drink and that fills the oceans may be millions of years older than the solar system itself. The thinking goes that some of the ancient ice survived the solar system’s chaotic creation and came to Earth. To demonstrate that, researchers analyzed water molecules in oceans for indicators of their ancient past. The clue comes in the form of something known as “heavy water. ” Water, as you know, is made up of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom. But some water molecules contain hydrogen’s chunky twin, deuterium. (It contains a neutron in its nucleus, whereas regular hydrogen does not.)   water is found on other planets and moons, even here on Earth, but researchers are not sure where it came from. One idea is that much of the heavy water formed in the interstellar cloud and then traveled across the solar system. Using a computer model, the scientists showed in a 2014 paper that the     ice molecules could have survived the sun’s violent radiation blasts, and gone on to bathe a forming Earth and its cousins. They concluded that remnants of that ancient ice remain scattered across the solar system: on the moon, in comets, at Mercury’s poles, in the remains of Mars’ melts, on Jupiter’s moon Europa  —   and even in your water bottle. Now that’s something to raise your glass to. Previous Trilobite talking points: Plants will remember if you mess with them enough and yes, you are at the center of the universe."
327,17651,"Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers - The New York Times",New York Times,Chris Buckley and Karoline Kan,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"CHENGDU, China  —   Mao once said that a revolution was not a dinner party. But with the communist revolution turning into opulent capitalism, China’s rich are now making sure the dinner party settings are immaculate and the wine is poured just right. Inspired in part by the “Downton Abbey” television drama, the country’s once raw and raucous tycoons are aspiring to   decorum, fueling demand for the services of homegrown butlers trained in the ways of a British manor. “What they would like to say to their friends is, ‘Look, I have a butler, an   butler in my home,’ to show how wealthy they are,” said Neal Yeh, a   Briton living in Beijing, who for over a decade has helped train and find jobs for butlers. “The country now with the biggest trend in butlers is China,” said Mr. Yeh, whose English accent would be at home on “Downton Abbey,” the television series about a blue blood family in England, which was avidly watched in China. “I dare say I have played a part in starting this trend. ” Butler training schools and agencies have been doing business in China for more than a decade, but the number of recruits has grown sharply in recent years, according to those in the business. Most are Chinese and many are women. The International Butler Academy China opened in 2014 here in Chengdu, a   city in southwest China, and offers a   boot camp on dinner service, managing homes and other minutiae of high living. “The Chinese are vacationing more now than ever in history, and so they’re being exposed to the West more and more,” said Christopher Noble, an American trainer at the academy who previously ran bars in Cleveland. “But Chinese people see that, experience   personal service abroad, and they want to experience it here. ” A boom in butler service might seem incongruous as President Xi Jinping campaigns zealously against corruption and extravagance, and an economic slowdown undercuts lavish spending. But China’s rich continue amassing ever greater fortunes and want what they see as the trappings of respectable refinement. Even under Mr. Xi, butlers are finding growing work as symbols of good taste, according to people in the business. “You read about an economic slowdown, but China’s wealth is still growing,” said Luo Jinhuan, who has worked as a butler in Shanghai and, most recently, Beijing, after learning the job in Holland. “Old money has passed from one generation to the next. But the new money doesn’t have the same quality. You need to help them improve. ” If butlers symbolize maturing Chinese capitalism, the somewhat awkward status they have here also reflects how the rich in China must play by different rules than the wealthy in many other countries. It often comes down to a lack of trust. Wealth in China, where a cutthroat business culture is pervasive, comes with insecurity about being brought low by resentful employees, rivals, and officials, especially with the continuing crackdown against corruption. That wariness discourages many millionaires from hiring their own Jeeves to run their homes, people in the business said. “Some of them discover that in reality they can’t trust an outsider to manage the household,” said Tang Yang, a marketing director at the butler academy. “They’re unwilling to have a butler who knows all the information about the family. ” Relatively few graduates of the academy end up as traditional household butlers. Instead, many work in   clubs, housing estates and executive floors, serving several clients at the same time  —   not with the same intimacy as a personal butler. Promoters of butlers in China often point out that the country has its own tradition of   service, and the classical Chinese novel, “Dream of the Red Chamber,” features traditional butlers, called “guanjia,” or “domestic manager,” in Mandarin. But “Downton Abbey” helped rekindle a new romanticized interest in   service in China. Many student butlers here said they had watched and rewatched the show as an instruction video on the   unflappability of domestic service. “I only began to grasp this profession of butlers after watching ‘Downton Abbey,’” said Xu Shitao, a    Beijing native studying at the Chengdu academy. “I think that in the future this profession will be quite popular and will have a market. ” But Ms. Xu and her classmates have found that, in reality, being a butler is strenuous work. On a recent morning, they practiced for hours, learning to serve wine and water the proper way. Again and again, the class of eight clasped a wine bottle near its bottom and stepped forward in unison around a dinner table to dispense just enough wine to reach the widest part of a wine glass. Not a drop was to splash the tablecloth or, heaven forbid, a guest. “Stretch, pour, up, twist, back, wipe. Try to extend your arm,” Mr. Noble commanded, using his   translator. “You want to be able to extend your arm as much as possible. You’re doing a ballet. ” Students also take classes on serving formal dinners, packing luggage, cleaning house and countless other details of managing life for the rich. “You have to get the details right to do your job right,” said Yang Linjun, a    student in the class. “Your arms get sore and your hands hurt, but this is a lifestyle. ” After they graduate, many hope to attach themselves to China’s growing number of superrich. In return, they may earn monthly wages of $2, 800 or much higher as personal butlers, depending on experience and luck  —   more than for many service jobs. By 2015, China had 400 billionaires and billionaire families, an increase of 65 from just a year earlier, according to Forbes’ annual list. The country’s richest 1 percent own about   of household wealth, a share similar to the concentration of wealth in America. Manners can be rough in China, sometimes in a warm way, sometimes less so. But that has been changing as people grow richer, travel and live abroad, and bring back a demand for polished, attentive service. “A decade ago, very few Chinese people stayed in   hotels,” said Yang Kaojun, a property manager with the Summit Group, which employs teams of trained butlers who are at the beck and call of residents. “But now many people have, and that’s given them some understanding of what good service is. ” As well as the Chengdu academy, the Sanda University, a private college in Shanghai, has incorporated butler training into its hospitality program. Many Chinese also learn how to be butlers in Europe. And Sara Vestin Rahmani, the founder of the Bespoke Bureau, a British company that finds domestic staff members for wealthy employers, said her company planned to open a school for butlers and domestic staff people in China this year. The number of butlers in China is hard to determine. There may be hundreds or thousands, especially in Beijing, Shanghai and the prosperous south. Ms. Rahmani said that in 2007 her company found positions in China for 20 butlers by 2015 that number had grown to 375, including 125 with families. Others reported similar growth. “We are in actual fact exporting to China a trade which was once their own,” Ms. Rahmani said. “With communism, everything that was refined, unique and   became a distant memory. ” But Chinese employers often treat butlers as expensive   flunkies who should be on call 24 hours a day. That violated the traditional idea of a butler as a respected manager of the household and above most menial tasks. Ms. Luo, the butler, said her work was far more hectic than she imagined. Her daily routine included overseeing the sauna, cinema, bowling alley and other rooms in a    home. “I feel that when work starts, there’s no time at all to stop and rest,” she said. “It’s a lot harder than working in a hotel. ” The pressure is compounded by employers’ fears that household servants could exploit sensitive information. Butlers are supposed to have a deep knowledge of their employers’ every foible, traditionally recorded in a book. But the worry that information could be used to rob, extort or prosecute them has discouraged many rich people from taking butlers into their confidence. “Many of our wealthy are the first generation to be rich, and they don’t have a long accumulation of family history,” said Mr. Yang, the student at the butler academy in Chengdu, who works for a real estate company. “You need trust and a long period of adjustment to have another person suddenly by your side. ”"
328,17652,"SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad - The New York Times",New York Times,Kenneth Chang,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, Calif.  —   A Falcon 9 rocket roared into the sky on Saturday carrying 10 communications satellites  —   a return by SpaceX and its billionaire leader, Elon Musk, to the business of launching satellites to orbit. But financial details disclosed this past week about the company overshadowed the successful liftoff, raising questions about the viability of Mr. Musk’s   plans for SpaceX and his vision of sending people to Mars. SpaceX, based in Hawthorne, Calif. has been set back since September, when a different Falcon 9 caught fire and exploded on a launchpad in Florida, destroying the rocket and its payload, a $200 million Israeli satellite that Facebook had planned to lease to expand global internet services. The company’s rockets had been grounded since then. An internal investigation concluded that a failure of a helium vessel in the second stage liquid oxygen tank had led to the conflagration. The Federal Aviation Administration, which regulates commercial space launches, accepted SpaceX’s report on the explosion’s causes on Jan. 6 and issued a launch license, clearing the way for Saturday’s liftoff here, on the other side of the country. To prevent a recurrence, SpaceX adjusted its fueling procedures to avoid overcooling of the helium. Saturday’s countdown proceeded smoothly, with the liftoff occurring within a   window that would send the rocket on a trajectory to line up with the orbit of a group of current Iridium Communications satellites. The new satellites are more powerful than the original ones, which have been in orbit nearly two decades and have outlived their designed lifetimes. SpaceX also repeated its feat of recovering the first stage of the Falcon 9 rocket, landing it on a floating platform named “Just Read the Instructions” in the Pacific. Less than 90 minutes later, mission control received confirmation that all 10 satellites had been successfully deployed. Over the next 14 months, the company plans six additional Falcon 9 launches to deploy 60 more Iridium satellites that will completely replace the constellation. In the   the successful launch helps put SpaceX back on track. The explosion and subsequent   grounding created a backlog of launches, including cargo missions for NASA to the International Space Station. September’s explosion was SpaceX’s second failure in 15 months a Falcon 9 rocket carrying NASA cargo disintegrated in flight in June 2015. On Friday, The Wall Street Journal reported that SpaceX had lost $260 million in 2015 after the earlier accident, and revenue dropped 6 percent to $945 million. In earlier years, SpaceX officials including Mr. Musk described the company as consistently profitable that claim has been removed from SpaceX’s website. Company officials did not dispute the numbers reported in The Wall Street Journal article, but portrayed a rosy future. “Since 2002, we have been at the forefront of revolutionizing space technology, with a solid track record of success, strong customer relationships and more than 70 future launches on our manifest, representing over $10 billion in contracts,” Bret Johnsen, SpaceX’s chief financial officer, said in a statement. “Furthermore, with over $1 billion in cash reserves and no debt, the company is in a financially strong position and is well positioned for future growth. ” SpaceX hopes to launch its larger Falcon Heavy this spring. The Heavy, years behind schedule, would become the world’s most powerful rocket since NASA retired the Saturn 5 more than 40 years ago. SpaceX also plans to refly one of its recovered boosters this spring. By reusing instead of throwing away rocket boosters, SpaceX hopes to significantly reduce the cost of launches. Also on the schedule is an   abort test of SpaceX’s Dragon 2 capsule, a crucial safety prerequisite that it must conduct before the company can begin ferrying NASA astronauts to the space station next year. By applying Silicon Valley entrepreneurial practices to aerospace, SpaceX has undercut prices and disrupted the rocket launch business. That brought in many customers like Iridium, which is paying more than $450 million for the seven launches. The   bid from one of SpaceX’s competitors was $1. 2 billion, said Matthew J. Desch, Iridium’s chief executive. Without SpaceX’s lower costs, Iridium could not have afforded to replace its group of satellites, Mr. Desch said. “The Falcon 9 is perfect for what we want to do,” he said. But the lower costs make it difficult to see how SpaceX could earn enough profit to finance its grand ambitions. In September, Mr. Musk unveiled his vision for what he called the Interplanetary Transport System  —   a gigantic rocket with 42 engines that could take 100 passengers to Mars as early as 2024. SpaceX has described plans to offer satellite internet services with more than 4, 000 satellites. The forecasts described by The Wall Street Journal, which were produced in early 2016, show how much the company is depending on this new business. SpaceX projected that current rocket launching business would quintuple in revenue, to $5 billion, in 2025. Satellite internet services, still in the early planning stages, were projected to bring in more than $30 billion in revenue and generate the bulk of more than $20 billion in profit for the company. During the September announcement, Mr. Musk spoke of “a huge   partnership” to get to Mars, but did not describe what kind of partnership he foresaw. The incoming Trump administration has not outlined in detail its plans for NASA, although some of the  ’s advisers, including Newt Gingrich, are pushing for a greater reliance on commercial companies like SpaceX. Other Republicans, however, have been strong defenders of the Space Launch System, the big, expensive rocket that NASA is developing for a Mars mission."
329,17653,In the Shopping Cart of a Food Stamp Household: Lots of Soda - The New York Times,New York Times,Anahad O’Connor,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"What do households on food stamps buy at the grocery store? The answer was largely a mystery until now. The United States Department of Agriculture, which oversees the $74 billion food stamp program called SNAP, has published a detailed report that provides a glimpse into the shopping cart of the typical household that receives food stamps. The findings show that the No. 1 purchases by SNAP households are soft drinks, which accounted for 5 percent of the dollars they spent on food. The category of ‘sweetened beverages,’ which includes soft drinks, fruit juices, energy drinks and sweetened teas, accounted for almost 10 percent of the dollars they spent on food. “In this sense, SNAP is a   taxpayer subsidy of the soda industry,” said Marion Nestle, a professor of nutrition, food studies and public health at New York University. “It’s pretty shocking. ” For years, dozens of cities, states and medical groups have urged changes to SNAP, or the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, to help improve nutrition among the 43 million poorest Americans who receive food stamps. Specifically, they have called for restrictions so that food stamps cannot be used to buy junk food or sugary soft drinks. But the food and beverage industries have spent millions opposing such measures, and the U. S. D. A. has denied every request, saying that selectively banning certain foods would be unfair to food stamp users and create too much red tape. While the report, published recently, suggests that a disproportionate amount of food stamp money is going toward unhealthful foods, the U. S. D. A. said it was unfair to single out food stamp recipients for their soft drink consumption. The report compared SNAP households and   households. While those who used food stamps bought slightly more junk food and fewer vegetables, both SNAP and   households bought ample amounts of sweetened drinks, candy, ice cream and potato chips. Among   households, for example, soft drinks ranked second on the list of food purchases, behind milk. “Sweetened beverages are a common purchase in all households across America,” Kevin Concannon, the U. S. D. A. under secretary for food, nutrition and consumer services, said in an interview. “This report raises a question for all households: Are we consuming too many sweetened beverages, period?” The report was based on data from an unnamed, nationwide grocery chain, which provided the U. S. D. A. with monthly records of food items bought in 2011 by more than 26 million households, about three million of them food stamp recipients. The grocery chain identified and tracked SNAP households by their use of SNAP benefit cards at the checkout aisle. One limitation of the report was that it could not always distinguish when SNAP households used their benefits, other money or a combination of the two to pay for transactions. Nonetheless, the report provides a striking look at the foods American households typically buy. Across all households, the report found, “more money was spent on soft drinks than any other item”  —   a finding that reflects the fact that, while consumption of sugary drinks is lower today than it was a decade ago, the United States still consumes more sugary drinks than almost any other developed country, studies show. The U. S. D. A. report found that milk, cheese, potato chips, beef, cold cereal and baked bread were among the top purchases for all households. It indicated that all Americans bought ample amounts of desserts, salty snacks, candy and other junk foods. But the SNAP households spent slightly less money on nutritious foods, including fruits and vegetables, beans, eggs, nuts and seeds. Over all, the report found, SNAP households spent about 40 cents of every dollar at the grocery store on “basic items” like meat, fruits, vegetables, milk, eggs and bread. Another 40 cents of every dollar was spent on “cereal, prepared foods, dairy products, rice and beans. ” Lastly, 20 cents of each dollar was spent on a broad category of junk foods that included “sweetened beverages, desserts, salty snacks, candy and sugar. ” SNAP households spent 9. 3 percent of their grocery budgets on sweetened beverages. That was slightly higher than the 7. 1 percent figure for households that do not receive food stamps. The U. S. D. A. concluded that both food stamp recipients and other households generally made similar purchases. But several public health experts said the findings were deeply troubling. David Ludwig, the director of the New Balance Foundation Obesity Prevention Center at Boston Children’s Hospital, said the purpose of SNAP was to protect the health and   of the nation, not to ensure that poor households had ample access to sugary drinks. “We have more evidence for the harms of sugary beverages than for any other category of food,” he said, “and yet it tops the list of reimbursed products in SNAP. ” Dr. Ludwig said other government programs had   restrictions. The Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children, better known as WIC, and the national school lunch program have strict nutrition standards. Medicare pays for necessary medical procedures but does not reimburse for ones it considers harmful, ineffective or unnecessary. SNAP, Dr. Ludwig said, should be structured similarly. “No one is suggesting poor people can’t choose what they want to eat,” he said. “But we’re saying let’s not use government benefits to pay for foods that are demonstrably going to undermine public health. ” The federal government provides SNAP benefits to roughly 23 million households each month, many of them   homes at or below the poverty line. The average household receives about $256 in monthly benefits. That means a household that spent 10 percent of its SNAP money on sweetened beverages could buy at least 20   bottles of orange Crush soda at a Fine Fare supermarket in New York City, or about 50 cans of Sprite at a Walmart near Oakland, Calif. Since 2004, a number of cities and states have sought to restrict sugary drinks from their SNAP programs, including Maine, Minnesota and New York City under Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg in 2011. But doing so requires permission from the U. S. D. A. and the agency has denied every official request. Mr. Concannon at the U. S. D. A. said the agency had “intermittent dialogue” with municipalities across the country about prohibiting the purchase of sugary drinks through SNAP. But he said the agency would grant a state or city permission to do so only on the condition that it first conducted “a rigorous pilot study” and offered food stamp recipients the ability to opt out of the soda restrictions. “We’d want rigorous evaluation to see what is the impact of such a policy,” he said. PepsiCo lobbied the federal government to prevent restrictions on food stamp purchases in 2011, 2012 and 2013, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a nonprofit that tracks money in politics.   Kraft Foods and the sugar industry lobbied against a Florida bill in 2012 that would have banned using food stamps to buy soda and junk food. And in 2011, the Snack Food Association teamed up with beverage industry lobbyists and the National Confectioners Association, which represents candy companies, to defeat New York City’s proposed ban on using food stamps to buy   beverages. Mr. Concannon said the U. S. D. A. rather than restricting junk foods, had made incentive programs that encourage nutritious foods a priority. The federal farm bill that designates money for the SNAP program, for example, set aside $100 million for programs that increase the value of food stamps that are used to buy fruits and vegetables at retail stores or farmers’ markets. “Our goal has been to nudge people in the right direction,” he said. While there is evidence that people do buy more fruits and vegetables when given incentives, research suggests that banning sugary drinks would have a far more powerful impact on health. In 2014, a group of Stanford researchers studied 19, 000 SNAP participants and compared whether banning sugary drinks or incentivizing fruits and vegetables would affect obesity rates. The researchers found that the incentive program would not. But banning sugary drinks from SNAP, they said, “would be expected to significantly reduce obesity prevalence and Type 2 diabetes incidence, particularly among ages 18 to 65 and some racial and ethnic minorities. ” Michele Simon, a public health lawyer who published a critical 2012 report on the food stamp program, said the new report showed that the federal government was subsidizing many foods that its own dietary guidelines explicitly told Americans to consume less of. “This is the first time we’ve had confirmation that this massive taxpayer program is promoting all the wrong kinds of foods,” she said. “I think we now have the data to back up the policy argument that this program needs to be improved. ”"
330,17654,"William Peter Blatty, Author of ‘The Exorcist,’ Dies at 89 - The New York Times",New York Times,Paul Vitello,2017-02-01,2017.0,2.0,,"William Peter Blatty, the author whose   book “The Exorcist” was both a milestone in horror fiction and a turning point in his own career, died on Thursday in Bethesda, Md. He was 89. The cause was multiple myeloma, his wife, Julie Blatty, said. “The Exorcist,” the story of a    girl possessed by a demon, was published in 1971 and sold more than 13 million copies. The 1973 movie version, starring Linda Blair and directed by William Friedkin, was a runaway hit, breaking   records at many theaters and becoming the   film to date for Warner Bros. studios. It earned Mr. Blatty, who wrote the screenplay, an Academy Award. (It was also the first horror movie nominated for the   Oscar.) “The Exorcist” marked a radical shift in Mr. Blatty’s career, which was already well established in another genre: He was one of Hollywood’s leading comedy writers. Mr. Blatty collaborated with the director Blake Edwards on the screenplays for four films, beginning in 1964 with “A Shot in the Dark,” the second movie (after “The Pink Panther”) starring Peter Sellers as the bumbling Inspector Clouseau and, in some critics’ view, the best. His other Edwards films were the comedy “What Did You Do in the War, Daddy?” (1966) the musical   “Darling Lili” (1970) and “Gunn” (1967) based on the television detective series “Peter Gunn. ” He also wrote the scripts for comedies starring Danny Kaye, Warren Beatty and Zero Mostel. In praising his 1963 novel, “John Goldfarb, Please Come Home! ,” a Cold War spoof that Mr. Blatty later adapted for the screen, Martin Levin of The New York Times invoked the humorist S. J. Perelman, one of Mr. Blatty’s literary idols Mr. Blatty, he said, “writes like Perelman run amuck. ” The phenomenal success of “The Exorcist” essentially signaled the end of Mr. Blatty’s comedy career, making him for all practical purposes the foremost writer in a new hybrid genre: theological horror. It was a mantle he was never entirely comfortable wearing. When he declined his publisher’s entreaties for a sequel to “The Exorcist” and instead delivered an elegiac memoir about his mother, “I’ll Tell Them I Remember You,” published in 1973, Mr. Blatty felt the first cinch of the   straitjacket. “My publisher took it because I wanted to do it,” he was quoted as saying in “Faces of Fear” (1985) a collection of interviews with horror writers by Douglas E. Winter. “But the bookstores were really hostile. ” “The sad truth is that nobody wants me to write comedy,” he said in another interview. “ ‘The Exorcist’ not only ended that career it expunged all memory of its existence. ” Mr. Blatty gave various accounts of what led him to try his hand at horror. He sometimes said the market for his comedy had waned in the late 1960s, and he was ready to move on. At other times, he said that his mother’s sudden death in 1967 had led to a renewed commitment to his Roman Catholic faith, and to a soul searching about life’s ultimate questions, including the presence of evil in the world. In every account, he said the idea for “The Exorcist” was planted in 1949, when he was a student at the   Georgetown University in Washington and read an account in The Washington Post of an exorcism under the headline “Priest Frees Mt. Rainier Boy Reported Held in Devil’s Grip. ” The incident, widely discussed at the time among Georgetown students and faculty members, came back to Mr. Blatty 20 years later as the basis for a book about something not getting much press in the fractured, murky landscape of   America: the battle between Good and Evil. He began writing what he thought would be a   thriller about a girl, a demon and a pair of Catholic priests. About halfway through, he later said, he sensed he had something more. “I knew it was going to be a success,” he told People magazine. “I couldn’t wait to finish it and become famous. ” William Peter Blatty was born on Jan. 7, 1928, in Manhattan to Peter and Mary Blatty, immigrants from Lebanon. His father left home when he was 6, and his mother supported the two of them by selling quince jelly on the streets, yielding a wobbly income that precipitated 28 changes of address during a childhood he once described as “comfortably destitute. ” The church figured prominently in his life. His mother was a churchgoing Catholic, and he was educated at prominent   schools that admitted him on full scholarships: the Brooklyn Preparatory School, now closed, where he was the 1946 class valedictorian, and Georgetown, from which he graduated in 1950. After serving in the Air Force, Mr. Blatty worked for the United States Information Agency in Beirut. He returned to the United States for a public relations job in Los Angeles, where he hoped to begin his career as a writer. He had already published his first book  —   a memoir, “Which Way to Mecca, Jack?”  —   but was still working in public relations in 1961 when he appeared as a contestant on “You Bet Your Life,” the television quiz show hosted by Groucho Marx. He and a fellow contestant won $10, 000. His winnings freed him to quit his day job and become a   writer. He never had a regular job again. Mr. Blatty lived in Bethesda. In addition to his wife, the former Julie Witbrodt, whom he married in 1983, he is survived by their son, Paul William Blatty three daughters, Christine Charles, Mary Joanne Blatty and Jennifer Blatty and two sons, Michael and William Peter Jr. from earlier marriages seven grandchildren and six  . Another son, Peter Vincent Blatty, died in 2006 his death was the subject of Mr. Blatty’s 2015 book, “Finding Peter. ” His work after “The Exorcist” included several more theologically themed works of horror, including “The Ninth Configuration” in 1978 (a reworking of “Twinkle, Twinkle, Killer Kane,” from 1966)  —   and “Legion” in 1983. Both books were made into movies, directed as well as written by Mr. Blatty the film version of “Legion” was released in 1990 as “The Exorcist III. ” Mr. Blatty became reconciled over the years to the overwhelming dominance “The Exorcist”  —   most recently adapted into a 2016 TV    —   would have on his reputation as a writer. (He also maintained a sense of humor about it, as reflected in the name of a comic novel about Hollywood he published in 1996: “Demons Five, Exorcists Nothing. ”) He knew, he told several interviewers, that it would be what people remembered him for. But one thing bothered him. Many moviegoers, including the president of Warner Bros. had interpreted the movie’s climax  —   in which the younger of the two priests (played by Jason Miller) goads the demon into leaving the girl to take up residence inside him instead, then jumps to his death  —   as a win for the demon. That was not how Mr. Blatty meant it. For years he pleaded his case to Mr. Friedkin, a longtime friend. In 2000, Mr. Friedkin relented, issuing a   director’s cut of the film that made the triumph of Good over Evil more explicit. With the same purpose in mind, Mr. Blatty rewrote parts of the original book, even adding a chapter, for a   edition of “The Exorcist” published in 2011. It was essential to him, he told The   of New Orleans in 2000, that people understand the point of “The Exorcist”: “That God exists and the universe itself will have a happy ending. ”"
331,17656,Falcons Take Advantage of Seattle’s Stumble and Race to N.F.C. Title Game - The New York Times,New York Times,Ken Belson,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"ATLANTA  —   In the playoffs, when the best teams meet, games are often decided by a mistake here or there, or a penalty called or not called. Under Coach Pete Carroll, the Seattle Seahawks have built a reputation of minimizing those mistakes and forcing their opponents to make them instead. But on Saturday, it was the Seahawks who came up short in a   playoff game against the Atlanta Falcons and their potent offense. The Falcons advanced to the N. F. C. championship game next Sunday, when they will face the winner of this Sunday’s game between the Dallas Cowboys and the Green Bay Packers. The Seahawks were leading,   when they forced the Falcons to punt early in the second quarter. Seattle’s Devin Hester, who has returned 19 kickoffs and punts for touchdowns during his career, caught the kick, spun away from a defender, then sprinted down the sideline before being knocked out of bounds deep in Falcons territory. The Seahawks appeared poised to build a   lead. But a holding call on Seattle linebacker Kevin   negated the runback and reversed Seattle’s field position  —   from the Atlanta   line to its own   line  —   and two plays later, quarterback Russell Wilson fell backward into the end zone for a safety. After the ensuing kickoff, Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan quickly hit receiver Taylor Gabriel for 37 yards. Four plays later, the Falcons kicked a   field goal to go ahead,  . The quick turnaround unhinged the Seahawks while the Falcons sprinted ahead and captured their first playoff victory in four years,  . After taking the lead in the second quarter, Atlanta’s potent offense had its way with Seattle’s defense  —   one of the stingiest in the N. F. L. despite missing the star free safety Earl Thomas, who broke his leg in Week 13. Just before halftime, Ryan led a   march that ended with a   touchdown pass to Tevin Coleman to put the Falcons up,  . “You knew it was going to be a fight in terms of their defense against our offense,” Falcons Coach Dan Quinn said. “We certainly have the respect of the style they play. ” Ryan may not be flashy, but he showed why he is considered a leading candidate to win the N. F. L. ’s Most Valuable Player Award. He does not scramble like Wilson or throw fastballs into tight coverage like Green Bay’s Aaron Rodgers. But at 6 feet 5 inches tall, he has a wide view of the field to go with an accurate arm. This regular season, his ninth in Atlanta, Ryan passed for 38 touchdowns and nearly 5, 000 yards. He had a 69. 9 percent pass completion rate and the league’s top passer rating, accomplishments that have often gone unnoticed, perhaps because the Falcons rarely play in prime time. Ryan’s numbers  —   26 completions on 37 passes for 338 yards and three touchdowns with zero interceptions  —   were enough to prompt the Falcons fans to chant “M. V. P. M. V. P. ” in the fourth quarter. “It was pretty cool, considering the circumstances,” Ryan said of the cheers. Ryan made few mistakes while Wilson threw two interceptions. Quinn noted that when the Falcons lost to the Seahawks in the regular season, his team had two more turnovers than Seattle. On Saturday, the reverse was true. The Falcons’ defense, one of the most porous in the league during the regular season, overwhelmed Seattle’s offensive line and harassed Wilson, frequently forcing him to scramble. It also bottled up running back Thomas Rawls, who ran effectively early in the game but ended with just 34 yards, 15 fewer than Wilson. After nearly being burned by Hester in the second quarter, the Falcons did a good job of keeping the ball away from him  —   until he returned a   kickoff all the way to the Atlanta   line, setting up Seattle’s final touchdown. “A number of us and especially everyone in this room has seen that movie before,” Quinn said of Hester, who played in Atlanta for two years, and his penchant for big plays. In his five years in the league, Wilson has built a reputation for late comebacks. In 2012, his rookie season, Wilson led the Seahawks back from a   deficit in a playoff game, also in Atlanta, only to lose on a late field goal. That magic was not evident on Saturday in front of a raucous crowd at the Georgia Dome. With his team trailing by   Wilson scrambled free while seeking a receiver. Unable to find one, he decided to do with his feet what he could not with his arm. He raced for the   marker only to be hit hard by Atlanta cornerback Brian Poole, who drove his shoulder into Wilson and threw him to the ground. And it was the Falcons’ defense that ultimately provided the capstone. Midway through the fourth quarter, Wilson was again forced to run out of the pocket. In desperation, he lofted a pass downfield that Falcons safety Ricardo Allen plucked out of the air and returned 45 yards. Ryan’s third touchdown pass, a   toss to Mohamed Sanu, soon put the Falcons up by   and the game out of reach. The victory may have given Falcons fans one last chance to visit the Georgia Dome, the team’s home since 1992. Next season, the team will move into   Stadium, a $1. 5 billion palace 90 feet to the south. The Falcons are now   in playoff games in the Georgia Dome. If the Packers beat the Cowboys in Texas on Sunday, the Falcons will host the N. F. C. championship game here. “For the fans, the ability to come back here one more time, I think that would be something we would all look forward to,” Quinn said."
332,17657,A Big Test for Big Batteries - The New York Times,New York Times,Diane Cardwell and Clifford Krauss,2017-01-22,2017.0,1.0,,"ESCONDIDO, Calif.  —   In Southern California in the fall of 2015, a giant natural gas leak not only caused one of the worst environmental disasters in the nation’s history, it also knocked out a critical fuel source for regional power plants. Energy regulators needed a quick fix. But rather than sticking with gas, they turned to a technology more closely associated with flashlights: batteries. They freed up the utilities to start installing batteries  —   and lots of them. It is a solution that’s audacious and risky. The idea is that the batteries can store electricity during daylight hours (when the state’s many solar panels are flooding the grid with power) then release it as demand peaks (early evening, when people get home). In effect, the rechargeable batteries are like an   power plant, and, in theory, able to replace an actual plant. Utilities have been studying batteries nationwide. But none have moved ahead with the gusto of those in Southern California. This idea has   potential. But the challenge of storing electricity has vexed engineers, researchers, policy makers and entrepreneurs for centuries. Even as countless technologies have raced ahead, batteries haven’t yet fulfilled their promise. And the most powerful new designs come with their own risks, such as fire or explosion if poorly made or maintained. It’s the same problem that forced Samsung to recall 2. 5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphones in September because of fire risk. After racing for months, engineers here in California have brought three   sites close to completion to begin serving the Southern California electric grid within the next month. They are made up of thousands of oversize versions of the   batteries now widely used in smartphones, laptop computers and other digital devices. One of the installations, at a San Diego Gas  Electric operations center surrounded by industrial parks in Escondido, Calif. 30 miles north of San Diego, will be the largest of its kind in the world, developers say. It represents the most crucial test yet of an   technology that many experts see as fundamental to a   future. Here, about 130 miles southeast of Aliso Canyon, the site of the immense gas leak in 2015  —   the   equivalent of operating about 1. 7 million cars over the course of a year  —   19, 000 battery modules the size of a kitchen drawer are being wired together in racks. They will operate out of two dozen beige,    trailers. Made by Samsung, the batteries are meant to store enough energy to serve as a backup in cases of fuel shortages. They are also designed to absorb   energy, particularly solar power, during the day and feed it back to the grid after dusk. They in effect can fill in for the     plants that might lack the fuel to fully operate because of the disastrous leak. “California is giving batteries the opportunity to show what they can do,” said Andrés Gluski, chief executive of AES, which is installing the storage systems. AES is installing a smaller array for the electric utility in El Cajon, a suburb east of San Diego. And separately Tesla, the company perhaps better known for its electric cars, has built an array for a different utility on the grid, Southern California Edison, near Chino, Calif. The stakes are high for both energy storage companies. If their projects struggle or fail, it could jeopardize not only the stability of Southern California’s grid but also interest in the technology over all. After a smaller, but pioneering battery project at a wind farm on Oahu in Hawaii went up in flames in 2012, investment in battery storage all but dried up for a few years. That installation, which used 12, 000   batteries to help even out fluctuations in the power flow, caught fire three times in its first 18 months of operation. The storage developer, Xtreme, eventually went bankrupt. The wind farm turned to a different technology to smooth its output. Keeping a close eye on the Southern California battery efforts is Susan Kennedy, who helped shepherd California’s energy policy for more than a decade as a state utility regulator and   operative for two governors  —   Gray Davis, a Democrat, and Arnold Schwarzenegger, a Republican. She now runs an energy storage   one not involved in the   response to the Aliso Canyon gas leak. “The moment one fails,” Ms. Kennedy said of the big bet on batteries, “they won’t build any more. ” As soon as AES’s chief executive, Mr. Gluski, learned last June that San Diego Gas  Electric had awarded AES the big battery contract, he leapt out of his chair and interrupted a meeting in his board room at the company’s headquarters in Arlington, Va. As employees watched in astonishment, he barreled down two flights of stairs, grabbed a mallet and, with a ceremonial flourish, banged a gong that one of his executives kept on hand for big news. Mr. Gluski had not had much occasion to celebrate since he had taken the AES reins five years earlier. The company was struggling with debt and trying to coax profits from     projects around the developing world that are buffeted by instability in politics, currency and commodity prices. His first steps included an austerity program in which he gave up many of his own executive perks: No more   membership. No more corporate Audi A8, with driver. But the more   part of his plan would be AES’s battery division, which was then fledgling. The unit had roots in two midlevel executives who had been speculating about a   future over beers. Those two men, John Zahurancik, a science fiction fan, and Chris Shelton, a former physics teacher, had started talking about batteries a decade ago, before electric cars became fashionable or even feasible. In 2006, Mr. Shelton had come across a professor’s paper that predicted a future dominated by electric cars that, when parked, could be connected to the power grid so their batteries could act as storage devices to help balance electricity demand. He and Mr. Zahurancik bounced the idea off some AES colleagues, who said it was at least theoretically feasible. So the two continued their bull sessions but decided that stationary battery arrays may make more sense than relying on electric cars. At the time,   batteries, the standard in consumer products, were widely in use in the transportation and power tool industries, but no one had paired them with the technology necessary to serve the power grid. Earlier   experiments with   and other types of batteries worked only for a year or two before conking out. A different technology, “flow batteries,” which use chemicals dissolved in liquids in tanks, were considered even more experimental. But lithium packs more energy per weight than other metals, offering the promise of greater energy density and longevity. The trick would be to figure out how to harness all that power, which creates heat, while avoiding the fires such batteries have caused in any number of vehicles and gadgets, including Teslas, HP computers, hoverboards and, most recently, Samsung Galaxy Note 7s. The two hit upon a design and persuaded executives to begin a pilot project in 2008. That eventually led to the first commercial   battery on a grid. Mr. Zahurancik, who owns the gong, is now president of AES Energy Storage. Mr. Shelton is now the company’s vice president and chief technology officer. AES does not actually make its batteries but buys them, along with other equipment, from manufacturers like Samsung, LG Chem and Panasonic. It designs and assembles the arrays, stacking the boxy batteries into racks inside   containers. In Escondido, where local radio stations still carry public service announcements about the   shortage, the AES battery packs are being installed at a critical spot on the regional electrical grid: the place where the giant wires from power plants and wind and solar arrays connect to the network of local wires. The batteries are intended to relieve the pressure on the system. Mainly, they will serve as a kind of sponge, soaking up excess or   solar energy during the day and then squeezing it back into the grid in the evening, when demand surges as the sun sets. There is enough capacity in the containers full of batteries to power about 20, 000 homes for four hours. The idea is that they help the utility lessen its dependence on the type of natural gas plants known as “peakers,” which can turn on and off quickly to meet sudden peaks of demand but are generally used only for short periods and at great expense. And peakers, by burning fossil fuel, are also at odds with California’s   goals. The project is also being watched closely by advocates for renewable energy. The reason: If   battery installations work as designed, they would help wind or solar generators to act more like conventional power plants by working steadily even when the sun isn’t shining or the wind isn’t blowing. “Energy storage is really the tool to do renewables integration for a utility infrastructure company like us,” said Josh Gerber, advanced technology integration manager of SDGE, as workers smoothed the   concrete pads that support the containers at the Escondido site. “Without it, you have more risk that the variability of renewables is going to cause reliability problems. ” Under the contract, AES is responsible for making sure the batteries perform for 10 years, after which SDGE will take over. One potential downside is that if the batteries are fully charged and discharged each day, they could degrade more quickly. The executives involved expressed confidence in the design and reliability, despite Samsung’s recent smartphone problems. Not only are these batteries a different configuration than the smartphone units, executives said, but the larger footprint allows for the inclusion of sophisticated monitoring as well as industrial safety and cooling and ventilation equipment. The project, along with the smaller array AES has installed in El Cajon, could provide the    leap Mr. Gluski has been striving for. AES has a deal for an even bigger installation in a $1 billion project in Long Beach with Southern California Edison that is not part of the Aliso Canyon remediation effort it is projected to go online by the end of 2020. The electric company plans to use batteries as part of a plan to replace an aging gas plant along the San Gabriel River. Long term, Mr. Gluski plans to shift the company’s   portfolio  —   still heavily based on coal and natural gas  —   toward more renewable energy. He sees the storage systems as vital components in turning solar and wind energy into a dominant power source in the parts of Latin America, Asia and Africa where AES is active. Whatever progress it has made, AES still has its share of problems, with $20 billion in debt and a stock price less than   the value that it had at the start of the century. It faces wary, if not outright skeptical, treatment by Wall Street utility analysts and energy experts, who say the technology AES is peddling on such a large scale in California remains untested and financially risky. “The problem comes if there is a hiccup with the battery storage business in California,” said Charles Fishman, a utilities analyst at Morningstar. “You don’t have the   parent that can push money to it and keep it out of trouble. ” Despite all the battery activity in California, executives around the utility industry remain cautious. “The reason we don’t have widespread batteries on our system is because it is not   for us,” said Alice Jackson, vice president for strategic revenue initiatives at Xcel, a giant electricity and gas utility serving eight Western and Midwestern states. Xcel has been testing batteries about as long as AES, but almost exclusively in small pilots. “It’s fair to say we don’t have   experience with this technology to say that it is perfect, or a nirvana,” Ms. Jackson said. “It’s something we’ll observe as California goes through its experience. ” California’s latest experiment with batteries is but the latest bout in the state’s long struggle to match its energy needs with its environmental sensibilities. In the early 2000s, after market deregulation and Enron’s notorious manipulation of gas supplies led to blackouts and financial instability among the power companies, state officials decided to lessen reliance on natural gas by encouraging the development of wind and solar. Under Mr. Schwarzenegger, who was governor until 2011, officials pushed through a raft of overlapping regulations that created a boom in renewables, especially solar. But that upended the traditional patterns of supply and demand, making the overall energy system technically and economically difficult to manage. Batteries were the logical solution. But the technology wasn’t fully developed and was still too expensive. In order for companies to make the necessary investments, they needed a signal that there would be a big enough market for their products. So in 2010, the state approved one of the first   mandates, ultimately requiring utilities to install some form of storage equipment in their territories. That set off a flurry of new investment and innovation and, after the sudden closure of the San Onofre nuclear plant on the coast in northwest San Diego County in 2012 when a steam generator tube sprung a leak, new contracts for battery installations. But the Aliso Canyon accident, which began on Oct. 23, 2015, when the Southern California Gas Company first detected the leak, put that process on  . The   gas and intermittent oily mist that spewed forth over almost four months traveled into the surrounding neighborhoods on the strong winds that sweep down from the Santa Susana Mountains. At the same time, it forced the battery strategy into its most   test yet. Now it’s showtime, and the pressure to succeed is high all around. For AES, it could signify an important step for a     relic that is seeking to revitalize itself as a powerhouse in battery storage and other advanced technologies. For   advocates  —   including residents of the Porter Ranch section of Los Angeles, so   that Steven Spielberg chose it as the setting for the 1982 movie “E. T.,” but where many still complain of the rashes, headaches and other debilitating symptoms that drove thousands from their homes during the leak  —   it could be a powerful weapon in the fight to keep the gas depot closed. But the pressure may be highest for the Southern California utilities, their reputations still blackened by waves of forced electricity cuts that followed the Enron debacle. No one wants to contemplate a repeat of that chapter, when blackouts affected factories and even some hospitals. “When the power goes out, people die,” said Ms. Kennedy, the former state official. “Failure is not an option here on any level. ”"
333,17658,UConn Women Win Their 91st Straight and Rewrite History Again - The New York Times,New York Times,Harvey Araton,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"All that was missing from the Connecticut women’s basketball team’s shattering of its own N. C. A. A.  winning streak on Saturday was a sense of drama and amazement.   victories in a row with no end to the winning in sight? “Honestly, I don’t sit here and figure out how many games we’re going to win in a row,” Coach Geno Auriemma said before the Huskies broke out to a   lead and obliterated Southern Methodist in Dallas,   to write the latest chapter in the program’s illustrious history. “We’ve done it before. ” From 2008 to 2010, his team, powered by Maya Moore, chased and overtook the   streak set by the U. C. L. A. men’s team in 1974, peaking at 90 straight before losing to Stanford. Given Connecticut’s dominance of the college women’s game  —   the Huskies have won the last four national titles and a record 11 in all under Auriemma  —   the notion of another lengthy streak was never a question. But when Connecticut finished an unbeaten season last April by routing Syracuse in the national title game for its 75th straight victory, the widespread belief in women’s basketball circles was that the latest streak would quickly end, and that the next edition of the team could lose multiple games. In the 2016 W. N. B. A. draft, the graduating portion of the UConn roster provided the top three picks, including Breanna Stewart, who was named the most outstanding player all four years she played in the Final Four. Going into this season, the Huskies for once lacked a preseason   and they had an undersized front line, a shallow bench and uncertainty at the   point guard position. But they did begin with a belief in the system generated by so much success and by Auriemma, who seldom lacks in  . “Everybody in the whole country has talked about what we’ve lost,” said Kia Nurse, a junior and   national champion. “I personally like playing with a chip on our shoulder. ” That chip has turned into a steamrollering boulder. The streak nearly ended on opening night, at Florida State, when the Seminoles had a   shot in the air for the win. The shot fell short, and nobody has pushed the Huskies that hard since. It wasn’t as if they took the path of least resistance to victory No. 91. Auriemma had joked that everyone was eager to schedule Connecticut this season, when seven of its first 12 games were against Top 25 teams, including road games against No. 2 Notre Dame and No. 4 Maryland, and a home game against No. 3 Baylor. Only the Baylor game was close in the final minutes. Along the way, the Huskies have developed a new Big Three, in the sophomores Katie Lou Samuelson and Napheesa Collier and the junior Gabby Williams. They have never lost a game in the American Athletic Conference their next formidable challenge figures to be a nonconference game at home on Feb. 13 against South Carolina, which is ranked No. 5 in the Associated Press and USA Today Coaches polls. “Women’s basketball is always a little bit under the radar,” Auriemma said after the new record was secured. “But people that follow the game appreciate what this program has done. ” If the streak lasts until the South Carolina game, the Huskies will be shooting for a   No. 100. “Some things you just can’t really explain,” Auriemma said. “You just have to enjoy it. ”"
334,17659,3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags - The New York Times,New York Times,Hiroko Tabuchi and Neal E. Boudette,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"United States prosecutors said on Friday that they had charged three executives at Takata, the Japanese auto parts maker, with fabricating test data to mask a fatal airbag defect, a striking turn in a case that set off the largest automotive recall in United States history. Prosecutors also announced that Takata had agreed to plead guilty to charges of wire fraud for providing the false data, a rare outcome for businesses accused of wrongdoing. The company, based in Tokyo, was also fined $1 billion. The guilty plea and fine had been widely expected, but the charges against the executives intensified a scandal that has roiled regulators, led to congressional hearings and brought the Japanese manufacturer to the brink of bankruptcy. The airbags, which can rupture violently when they deploy, have been linked to at least 11 deaths and more than 180 injuries in the United States. “They falsified and manipulated data because they wanted to make profits on their airbags, knowing they were creating risk for the   who are soccer moms like me,” Barbara L. McQuade, a United States attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, said at a news conference in Detroit. “The risk they allowed is really reprehensible,” she said. “We want auto suppliers to know they have to put safety ahead of profits. Cheaters will not be allowed to gain a competitive advantage. ” The indictments are the latest moves by the outgoing Obama administration to come down harder on   crime, including guilty pleas from companies and charges against individual managers and executives. Federal prosecutors this week also charged six Volkswagen executives for their roles in an   scandal, and the automaker pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy and other crimes. The efforts are seen as a departure from the years following the 2008 financial crisis, when not a single top bank executive went to prison, fueling a public outcry over the perception that Wall Street giants were “too big to jail. ” Takata’s executives are accused of especially egregious conduct. According to the indictment, the executives were at the center of efforts to manipulate airbag safety data that continued for as long as 15 years. They knew as early as 2000 that the airbags’ metal inflaters could explode, prosecutors said. But over the years, they routinely discussed falsifying those test results, discarding damaging information, an action referred to internally at Takata as “ ” the data, the indictment said. The New York Times has reported extensively, since 2014, on Takata’s tampering with its test results, as well as its early failure, along with its largest client, Honda, to alert regulators to the deadly defect. The Times also quoted former Takata engineers as saying that cost considerations drove some risky decisions about the airbags. “Ammonium nitrate was a highly combustible and unstable chemical compound,” the indictment said. “Takata, however, created and distributed its inflaters as a purportedly safe and stable variation. ” The executives, Shinichi Tanaka, Hideo Nakajima and Tsuneo Chikaraishi, were indicted by a grand jury in December. The accusations were unsealed on Friday. All three had worked for Takata in the United States and Japan until around 2015, prosecutors said. In one email, dated June 2005, Mr. Nakajima explained to colleagues, including Mr. Tanaka and Mr. Chikaraishi, that they had no choice but to manipulate test data and that they needed to “cross the bridge together,” the indictment said. “Takata will continue to cooperate fully with D. O. J. in connection with its ongoing investigation,” the company said in a statement, referring to the Justice Department. The three executives could not be reached for comment, and it was unclear who was acting as their legal representative. Neither the Justice Department nor Takata would provide any contact information. Mr. Nakajima’s name appears on various internal documents that have been unsealed as part of litigation against Takata, and he is often described as a liaison between Takata’s Japanese and American operations. He was formerly director of engineering at Takata’s research lab in Farmington Hills, Mich. Mr. Tanaka, the highest ranking of the three men, was formerly listed as an executive officer at Takata headquarters and the company’s chief director of procurement, as well as executive vice president of Takata’s global inflater operations. Mr. Chikaraishi also held various executive positions, including chief of airbag inflater operations for Japan and Asia. His name appears on numerous patent applications related to airbag technology filed in the United States. Ms. McQuade stressed that investigations were still underway. “We will continue to investigate and if we are able to identify additional individuals, we will charge them as well,” she said. In recent months, Takata has cooperated with the investigation, Ms. McQuade said, including identifying culpable individuals. Prosecutors took that cooperation into account in pursuing penalties, she said. Prosecutors said the three indicted executives were thought to live in Japan. If so, it is unclear whether they will face a court in the United States. Japan has an extradition treaty with the United States, but in practice the Japanese government has discretion over whether to comply with any extradition requests from the United States. Takata, however, has previously cooperated with authorities in this regard. In 2013, three other Takata executives agreed to plead guilty for their roles in a conspiracy to fix the prices of seatbelts sold in the United States. The executives also agreed to serve time in a United States prison. Pointing to that precedent, Ms. McQuade said she thought that the chances for an extradition were “pretty good. ” She added, “It’s not an automatic, but we’re going to work hard at it in this case. ” Even with the current administration’s newfound interest in going after corporate executives, criminal charges against individuals in a case involving automotive safety defects are rare. Prosecutors can struggle to surmount high legal standards and gaps in the oversight of carmakers  —   gaps that stem from nearly five decades of hard lobbying from the auto industry to beat back efforts to strengthen criminal penalties. These gaps do not exist in some other industries like pharmaceuticals or food. Senators Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut and Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts, Democrats who led congressional efforts to investigate Takata, called the Justice Department’s effort to hold executives accountable overdue. They also urged regulators to speed up efforts to fix affected cars. “The effort to protect drivers from Takata’s wrongdoing does not stop here,” they said in a joint statement. “We must recall every single vehicle with a Takata airbag,” they said, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration “must accelerate the recall of these dangerous airbags to prevent yet another unnecessary and tragic death. ” Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said regulators would “keep the pressure on Takata and the auto industry” to make sure recalls were carried out “quickly and efficiently as possible. ” Takata’s airbag recall in the United States has affected nearly 70 million airbags in 42 million vehicles. Takata also faces a   lawsuit filed by owners of cars fitted with Takata airbags, among other litigation. “It’s about time somebody is being held accountable,” said Corey Burdick, 28, a Florida father of two who was injured in an airbag explosion in a Honda Civic in 2014. He had been driving to his job as a forklift operator when he collided with another car, triggering his airbag, which exploded and sent a metal shard into his right eye. Mr. Burdick was left blind in that eye. He settled with Takata and Honda a year ago for an undisclosed sum. He questioned, however, why only Takata was taking the fall for a defect the car companies also knew about years ago. “I bought my car from Honda,” he said. “But I’m not going to be too harsh and hasty in my judgment. I’m just trying to live life the best that I can. ”"
335,17661,A Remarkable Event in El Salvador: A Day Without Murder - The New York Times,New York Times,Elisabeth Malkin,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"MEXICO CITY  —   It might have been any other day in El Salvador, but as the hours ticked into evening it became notable not for what happened, but for what didn’t. An entire day had passed without a single murder in one of the world’s most violent places. There was no particular reason the count was zero on Wednesday, Howard Cotto, the director of the National Civil Police, told local reporters the next day. Indeed, the police had registered 99 murders in the first 10 days of 2017  —   an average of almost 10 a day. Gang violence in El Salvador, an impoverished Central American country of 6. 5 million, has given it one of the highest murder rates of any nation that is not at war. Youth gangs battle one another over extortion rackets that extend to the smallest of businesses, and no one seems to be immune from the bloodshed, which is also exacting a toll on the police. Mr. Cotto noted that violence began to decline last year, which ended with 5, 278 murders. Although the average was more than 14 a day, it was still 20 percent fewer than in 2015. Yet even with the decline, the murder rate was more than 80 homicides per 100, 000 residents last year, compared with five per 100, 000 in the United States in 2015, according to the most recent F. B. I. figures. Two years ago, the government of President Salvador Sánchez Cerén threw out a fraying truce that the previous government had worked out with the gangs. A crackdown sent heavily armed security forces into the streets. Police commanders gave their officers virtually free rein to shoot “if they must” in encounters with criminals and promised legal support in cases filed against them. The most powerful gangs, Mara Salvatrucha and two rival factions of Barrio 18, responded with a new wave of violence and targeted police officers and soldiers. The violence has fueled an exodus. Each year since 2013, tens of thousands of Salvadorans, many of them women and children, have braved the journey across Guatemala and Mexico to seek protection in the United States. About 40 percent of Salvadorans would like to leave the country, according to a   survey published this week by the Institute of Public Opinion at the Central American University José Simeón Cañas in San Salvador. The percentage is the highest in a decade, the institute said. More than 17 percent said that somebody in their family had been forced to leave El Salvador because of threats and violence. The survey is based on interviews with 1, 262 Salvadoran adults, with a margin of error of plus or minus three percentage points. Wednesday’s pause in killing did not last. On Thursday, two gunmen riding a motorcycle fatally shot an   police officer in a town north of San Salvador, the capital, according to the attorney general’s office. That night the owner of a car wash in the capital was killed in a violent San Salvador suburb, and the police suspected that her death was related to extortion payments often demanded of business owners, according to local news reports. Spokesmen for Mara Salvatrucha, the nation’s largest gang, recently proposed a dialogue with the government that they said could ultimately lead to the gang’s dissolution, according to the online newspaper El Faro. Such negotiations are deeply unpopular with Salvadoran citizens. “They have to stop murdering citizens, extorting families, killing police, murdering soldiers,” Vice President Óscar Ortiz told the local newspaper El Mundo in response the gang’s overture. He promised that the government would continue its crackdown. “We will not stop, we will continue attacking those who insist on acting outside of the law, and this year we will do it even harder,” he said."
336,17663,Cubans Planning to Leave for U.S. Face a Bleak New Reality - The New York Times,New York Times,"Hannah Berkeley Cohen, Azam Ahmed and Frances Robles",2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"HAVANA  —   Andrés Iván and his girlfriend grew up in Cuba but had long planned their future in the United States. She left four months ago to find work and made it to Miami, where she was legally welcomed. He stayed in Havana, knowing the United States’ special treatment of Cubans gave him the freedom to rejoin her and marry when the moment was right. Those dreams were dashed on Thursday, when President Obama announced the immediate end of the longstanding policy under which any Cuban who made it to American soil was admitted and placed on a glide path to citizenship. “Our relationship has been built on two things: love, and the idea that we will create a life together in the U. S.  —   whether that’s in one year or five,” Mr. Iván said here on Friday. “Now I have to realign my entire life plan. ” He is among an untold numbers of Cubans doing so, including what could be thousands stranded midjourney, whether by boat or by land, often through Mexico. Those who arrived at border stations in Arizona, California and Texas on Thursday were let in. Those still on the Mexican side were left to consider whether to try to sneak across or hire smugglers to take them into a country that as of Friday would treat them as illegal entrants, just like those from other countries. Alexander Iglesias Rodríguez, 41, a veterinarian who reared cows in Cienfuegos on Cuba’s southern coast, left the country on Wednesday, six weeks after his wife and his son, Gabriel, 16. They flew to Mexico and then crossed the border in Matamoros. He delayed his departure so as not to draw attention from immigration authorities in Cuba and Mexico. He sold his 1956 Pontiac, his   head of cattle and his   house, pulling together about $12, 000. He was in Mexico about to cross into the United States when the order came down. “So many years dreaming about this,” Mr. Iglesias said. Now he is in limbo, unsure if he should wait or make a stab at seeking asylum in the United States, a request the government does not always grant. “What do I have in Cuba? Nothing. My wife is in the United States. My son is in the United States. I sold everything I had. I can’t go back. ” Also eliminated on Thursday was a program that allowed Cuban doctors posted to other countries to more easily migrate to America, leaving Ayme Monges, 25, stuck in Bogotá, Colombia, on Friday with all her paperwork in order but nowhere to go. “I got to the embassy this morning and they said, ‘You are Cuban? You can’t pass. That program is frozen,’” Dr. Monges, who had been working in Venezuela, said in a phone interview. “I am stranded here in this country. ” The number of Cubans leaving for America has surged since the two governments resumed relations in late 2014, in expectation that the policy  —   known as “wet foot, dry foot” because those caught at sea were sent back but those who made it to dry land were allowed to stay  —   might end. A senior official with the Department of Homeland Security, who spoke on the condition of anonymity in keeping with agency policy, said the administration decided to end the program immediately to prevent a mass exodus that would risk lives at land and sea. In Cuba, the abrupt change seemed to further divide people along generational lines. Many older Cubans said the decision was a just one that would halt the steady drain of the nation’s citizens  —   especially educated ones like doctors  —   to America. One man, selling copies of the   newspaper Granma on the street, said the measure was necessary to stop “undermining the Cuban government” by enticing people to “throw their fates to the sea. ” But younger Cubans, for whom the prospect of a life in America offers a glimmer of hope amid economic hardship, were crushed, forced to envision a future with fewer options. Cuban identity, and pride, is in no small part forged by its relationship with the United States, both in the tiny country’s defiance of its bigger neighbor and then in the unique privileges afforded to those who fled and made it to America. To be suddenly placed on equal footing with the millions of others around the world hoping to do the same was an especially hard fall. In Havana, where until recently the internet has been out of reach for most ordinary Cubans, the city’s relatively new   parks have become stations of despair following the announcement. For a nation robbed of connectivity for more than a decade, the sudden surge of digital news  —   through email, messaging and social media  —   seemed like a particularly cruel way to find out their special treatment had ended. A few blocks from the American Embassy, in the neighborhood of Vedado, the casual atmosphere changed suddenly as the news began to spread. Visitors checking their phones shared the news with those within shouting distance. One youth yelled to the gathered crowds: “Have you heard? This screws up all your lives. ” Miguel Alberto Escalona, 24, sat with his wife in a park in Vedado, bewildered. He sent a text to his family in Miami decrying the change. The news also brought to the surface frustrations for young Cubans, especially concerning the new dynamic that an increase in tourism is bringing to the nation. Food prices have surged to meet the demand, while what scant resources the country are redirected to the   outsiders now flooding Cuba, especially Americans. “I’m totally against the change in the law,” Mr. Escalona wrote to his family. “Here in Cuba, we have nothing to live for. Our country is for foreigners, not for our people, no wonder people want to leave. ” For years, most Cubans have been willing to overlook that the policy was unfair to other nationalities, especially to Central Americans, many of whom were fleeing violence at home. But for many on Friday, having had the policy and suddenly losing it was somehow worse, especially if you were in the midst of planning an escape. One young man, who was building his own boat to take to America, sat in the Vedado park, stunned. He said he was nearly finished with the boat, and his departure had been imminent. Those plans now dashed, he began browsing the web for a prospective bride, suggesting he would pay up to $3, 000 to any woman willing to marry him and bring him to the United States. “My plan A was to leave in a boat,” he said with a rueful smile. “So I guess my plan B is to marry an American woman. ” While Mr. Obama’s announcement was met with chagrin among some groups in Cuba, the government applauded the change in American policy, which they have long complained about, especially the program allowing Cuban doctors to immigrate to the United States. Since the program began 10 years ago, nearly 10, 000 Cuban medical professionals have been approved for residency in the United States. Many of them were Cuban doctors sent on medical missions to friendly countries like Venezuela, a program that critics of the Cuban government likened to human trafficking, since the government took in billions of dollars a year in fees from the doctors’ host countries. For those without a career path, the loss of an American escape hatch left them with even fewer employment options. It struck especially hard on those, like Mr. Iván, with deep ties to family and loved ones in the United States. (He declined to be identified by his full name for fear of reprisal by the Cuban government.) His brother made the trek four years ago, through Mexico, and is now living the American dream: a mortgage, a car and a job that pays him a living wage. Now, Mr. Iván is left with a   remorse for having not acted sooner. And he wonders if he will ever be reunited with his girlfriend. On Friday morning, he was even having trouble reaching her, given the   communication in Cuba. He checked his phone incessantly, hoping for a text from her. “With each blow like this, I feel farther and farther away from you,” he typed to her, frustrated about the shaky   connection. Accepting the reality of the new situation, and without a plan, he sent another message: “I want you to know that no matter what happens, I will always love you. ”"
337,17665,Motorcycling Without the Mansplaining - The New York Times,New York Times,Lily Brooks-Dalton,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"We’re fresh over the Canadian border, in a supermarket on Vancouver Island gathering supplies for our first night on the road. There are three of us, and as we come together at checkout and pile our dinner ingredients onto the conveyor belt, the woman at the register doesn’t seem to know what to make of us. She watches our selections roll toward her: a rotisserie chicken, instant mashed potatoes, spinach, marshmallows, bottled water. We are three young women wearing motorcycle jackets and heavy boots, bandannas knotted around our necks. Lindsay asks her to add a bundle of firewood to the tally, and suddenly our presence here, just down the road from the Bamberton campground, clicks into place for her. “Did you leave your men at the campsite?” she asks. We laugh, not meaning to be rude, but the question strikes us as absurd. “Nope,” Lindsay tells her. “We left the men at home. ” She is confused and intrigued. Another woman comes to bag our purchases, and we chat with them both for a moment about the campground up the road, about our journey and about the fact that our men were not invited. The assumption that there are men waiting for us anywhere at all is a tangle for another day. They are excited for us, are thrilled to learn about our motorcycle adventure  —   from Seattle to Banff, then back across through Montana, Idaho and Washington. “Have the best time,” they say. We thank them, gather up our bags and head out to the parking lot, scooping up our firewood on the way. In the fading light, we pack up our two motorcycles with the purchases. We stash the bags and a   of bottled water in the leg space of the sidecar we have reserved for gear, then secure the firewood under a web of bungee cords. We’re quick about it, because we’re hungry and want to make camp before it gets dark. I get on one of the bikes and back it out of the parking spot. Jenny starts the other one while Lindsay climbs into the sidecar. “Hurry!” I yell over the engines, with mock urgency. “The men are waiting,” we shout together and gun it toward the   Highway. And it’s sort of true: There are men waiting. At every gas station and every diner and every campsite. They are waiting to ogle our   machines, to quiz us about our trip, to ask us about our experience as motorcycle riders. Women manage uninvited attention from men every day, but there’s something particularly alluring to the male   about a woman on a motorcycle. Two days in and we already know their lines of interrogation by heart. It’s not just the questions but the nonquestions that have begun to wear us down: “Let me give you directions [insert directions we don’t need]. ” “      friend rides motorcycles, too [insert random motorcycle story]. ” “Be careful [insert skeptical tone]. ” “I know things about sidecar motorcycles [insert inaccurate history lesson]. ” We take turns speaking with these interlopers, because there are just so many of them. Some are polite and curious and complimentary. Some are less so. As we wait for the ferry off Vancouver Island, a man with a neck tattoo ambles over and asks: “Did your fathers loan you these motorcycles? Or was it your uncles?” Jenny and I widen our eyes at each other in disbelief, and Lindsay tells him exactly what she thinks of his query. But we learn to put ridiculous moments like this behind us as we continue across British Columbia and Alberta. Near Whistler, we picnic on the shore of a lake. Outside Kamloops, we camp at the end of an abandoned dirt road, and in the morning we do doughnuts for so long the dust rises around us like a curtain. On our way to Banff, a tire blows out and, after struggling to change it by the side of the highway, we ride through the frigid, rainy night to make up the time I put on a midnight recital for Lindsay, who is huddled in the sidecar beside me, singing every Dolly Parton song I know. We look out on Banff’s lakes and pass through Calgary, and then, after days of rain, the weather becomes beautiful near the Montana border, where we stop for a field of yellow flowers. Along the way, every time we see a man on an expensive motorcycle, we nudge one another and whisper, “Did your mom loan you that?” After almost two weeks on the road, when we finally say goodbye, all I can think about is where I want to adventure next with these women."
338,17666,The ‘Impossible’ Veggie Burger: A Tech Industry Answer to the Big Mac - The New York Times,New York Times,David Gelles,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"George Motz, a burly,   Brooklynite, fashions himself as America’s hamburger expert. An enthusiastic carnivore who has chronicled his love affair with ground beef through books and films, Mr. Motz estimates he has eaten more than 14, 000 hamburgers over the last 20 years. But on a frigid Monday in December, Mr. Motz sat down for a burger that promised to be unlike any he had eaten before. He was at Momofuku Nishi, a new restaurant from the celebrity chef David Chang, and he had come to eat the Impossible Burger. The Impossible Burger wants to be the tech industry’s answer to the Big Mac. Concocted by a team of food scientists in Silicon Valley, it is made from wheat, coconut oil and potatoes, yet it aims to be more than just another veggie patty. Thanks to the addition of heme, an   molecule contained in blood (which the company produces in bulk using fermented yeast) it is designed to look, smell, sizzle and taste like a beef burger. Patrick Brown, the founder and chief executive of Impossible Foods, said the goal was to disrupt the   market for ground beef without killing cows. “You can have uncompromisingly delicious meat without using animals,” Mr. Brown said in an interview. Mr. Brown, a former biochemist at Stanford who founded Impossible Foods about six years ago, said that in blind taste tests, some people could not distinguish between the Impossible Burger and a beef patty. And in an informal tasting organized by The New York Times, the reactions were generally positive. At Momofuku Nishi, Mr. Motz knew what he was getting. The Impossible Burger arrived on a squishy white bun, topped with a slice of American cheese, lettuce and tomato, fries on the side. “It looks real,” Mr. Motz said, picking up the burger and examining it. “It feels like the right weight. ” And with that, he took a big bite, chewed vigorously and stared into the distance. For Impossible Foods to succeed, Mr. Brown will need to win over meat eaters like Mr. Motz. “No disrespect to vegetarians,” Mr. Brown said, “but the only consumers we really care about are meat consumers. ” A vegetarian for 40 years, Mr. Brown is not interested in making just another meatless treat for those who have already sworn off eating animals. Instead, he said, he wants to change the world. When he took a sabbatical from Stanford six years ago and pondered what big problem he could help solve, he zeroed in on the idea of reducing the consumption of meat. Never mind the business of killing billions of animals for food. The farming, fishing and production of feed for livestock and poultry strains the earth’s finite resources  —   consuming fossil fuel, emitting greenhouse gasses, hogging farmland and polluting waterways. “It is seriously imperiling some of the world’s ecosystems, Mr. Brown said. “But there is a solution,” he said. “Produce all those same foods, with all the specifications consumers demand, but do it with a much lower environmental footprint, without using animals as the technology. That, I realized, was something that was fundamentally doable. ” There is a lot of money riding on Mr. Brown’s   zeal. Impossible Foods has raised more than $180 million from investors including Google Ventures, UBS and Bill Gates. It is part of a new crop of food companies  —   Soylent, Hampton Creek and Juicero among them  —   that is aiming to revolutionize the way we eat. Another company, Beyond Meat, is also making a   ground beef alternative and is already selling in Whole Foods and other stores. It, too, aims to entice meat eaters. There is a growing market for these products. Sales of meat substitutes are up 18 percent in recent years, to more than $1 billion in the United States this year, from about $850 million in 2012, according to Euromonitor International, a research firm. “Customers are becoming more willing to accept the idea of alternatives to meat,” said Raphael Moreau, a food analyst at Euromonitor. “And that’s where the real success will come from, by appealing to a much wider group beyond vegetarians. ” But for Impossible Foods to succeed, carnivores like Mr. Motz would have to choose an Impossible Burger over a conventional hamburger at the point of sale. Mr. Brown said he had no illusions that   would go vegetarian simply for the sake of the environment. “We have to have a product that consumers choose because they want to eat it,” he said. “The market will decide. ” So what did America’s burger expert think of the Impossible Burger? Back at Momofuku Nishi, Mr. Motz delivered his verdict. “No, I’m very sorry, but this does not taste like a hamburger,” he said. “It tastes like a fabrication of beef, not a real animal. ” Mr. Motz wasn’t totally dismissive. The Impossible Burger almost looked the part, and the patty had a pleasurably salty crust. But it lacked the distinctively greasy mouth feel of a real burger, and the flavor was, in Mr. Motz’s opinion, bland. Not bad compared with a Gardenburger, he said, but not like the real thing either. “This is a big step in the right direction for the veggie burger,” Mr. Motz said. “And I haven’t burped yet. I usually burp. ” Mr. Brown said he was only getting started. The Impossible Burger is being served in just a handful of   restaurants for now. There are plans to expand distribution this year and make it available for consumers to cook at home. He and his team are continuing to improve its formula, he said. “The cow is never going to get better at making meat,” Mr. Brown said. “It was not optimized for beef. It did not evolve to be eaten. Our burger was. We’re always getting better. ” Perhaps Mr. Motz will revisit the Impossible Burger in the future. For now, he is sticking with ground beef. “I’m proud of the fact that they have gone and made the veggie burger for the proletariat,” he said. “But any carnivore will take one bite of this burger and know it’s fake. ” With that, Mr. Motz left Momofuku Nishi. His destination: a nearby food truck, where he ordered a real cheeseburger."
339,17667,"Scott Pruitt, Trump’s E.P.A. Pick, Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators - The New York Times",New York Times,Eric Lipton and Coral Davenport,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   A legal fight to clean up tons of chicken manure fouling the waters of Oklahoma’s bucolic northeastern corner  —   much of it from neighboring Arkansas  —   was in full swing six years ago when the conservative lawyer Scott Pruitt took office as Oklahoma’s attorney general. His response: Put on the brakes. Rather than push for a federal judge to punish the companies by extracting perhaps tens of millions of dollars in damages, Oklahoma’s new chief law enforcement officer quietly negotiated a deal to simply study the problem further. The move came after he had taken tens of thousands of dollars in campaign contributions from executives and lawyers for the poultry industry. It was one of a series of instances in which Mr. Pruitt put cooperation with industry before confrontation as he sought to blunt the impact of federal environmental policies in his state  —   against oil, gas, agriculture and other interests. His antipathy to federal regulation  —   he sued the Environmental Protection Agency 14 times  —   in many ways defined his tenure as Oklahoma’s attorney general. Now, Mr. Pruitt, tapped to head Donald J. Trump’s Environmental Protection Agency, will have the opportunity to engineer a radical shift in Washington. If confirmed by the Senate, he is expected to shelve the Obama administration’s aggressive environmental enforcement and embrace a more collaborative approach with the industries that the agency is charged with policing, many of which have helped him advance his political career. The impact would stretch from the nation’s waterways to the planet’s climate, since the E. P. A. carries out and enforces rules to combat global warming. “He has advocated and stood up for the profits of business, be it the poultry companies or the energy industry and other polluters, at the expense of people who have to drink the water or breathe the air,” said Mark Derichsweiler, who led the Oklahoma Department of Environmental Quality division responsible for overseeing the   cleanup. Mr. Derichsweiler retired in 2015 after 40 years with the state, frustrated with Mr. Pruitt’s approach. Mr. Pruitt declined a request to comment. But his supporters contend that his record demonstrates a deeply held philosophy that states understand their needs best and should be allowed to regulate their own environment. On Thursday, a coalition of 23 powerful conservative advocacy groups endorsed Mr. Pruitt’s nomination, in advance of his confirmation hearing, set for Wednesday. “Some claim Mr. Pruitt opposes clean air and water. This could not be further from the truth,” wrote the groups, which include the political action committee Club for Growth the American Energy Alliance, which has advised Mr. Trump on energy policy and Americans for Tax Reform, the group founded by the   lobbyist Grover Norquist. Mr. Pruitt, the endorsement said, “understands that many of the nation’s challenges regarding clean air and water are best met at the state and local level. ” Mr. Pruitt, if confirmed, will take over the agency in an odd position: He has spent the last seven years suing it to block regulations that he would be expected to put into effect and enforce. Some legal scholars say he should recuse himself from major pending environmental matters, while groups like the Environmental Defense Fund are urging Congress to reject his confirmation. “The president’s choices deserve a lot of deference from Congress and even environmental groups,” said Fred Krupp, president of the Environmental Defense Fund. “But at some point when the nominee has spent his entire career attempting to dismantle environmental protections, it becomes unacceptable. That’s why Mr. Pruitt is the first E. P. A. nominee from either party that the Environmental Defense Fund has opposed in our   history. ” Some experts say that while returning more authority to states can be desirable in some cases, environmental protection is probably not one of them. Smog and toxic chemicals that foul the air and waterways of one state may originate from one or several others, necessitating federal oversight of pollution. “Pollution doesn’t respect state boundaries,” said Patrick A. Parenteau, a professor of environmental law at Vermont Law School. “States have limited ability to regulate pollution from outside the state, and almost every state is downstream or downwind from other pollution. ” Case in point: the “Green Country” chicken battle that Mr. Pruitt inherited in eastern Oklahoma. The phosphorus and nitrates in chicken manure were causing algae blooms in the ponds, streams and lakes of the 1.  acre Illinois River watershed, which reaches from Arkansas into Oklahoma. In 2005, Attorney General Drew Edmondson of Oklahoma, Mr. Pruitt’s predecessor, sued Tyson Food, Cargill Turkey and a dozen other major poultry producers for damages caused by the pollution and to force them to change the way they disposed of 300, 000 tons a year of animal waste. As Mr. Pruitt ran for election, at least $40, 000 in contributions poured into his campaign from nearly 30 executives at poultry companies named in the lawsuit or attorneys at law firms representing them, including Mark Simmons, the founder of Simmons Foods Donald J. Smith, then the chief executive of Tysons Foods and Gary Weeks, a lawyer listed on the court papers as representing George’s, another company targeted in the lawsuit, according to data assembled by the nonprofit Environmental Working Group and confirmed by The New York Times. That money represents about 4 percent of the total $1 million he raised in the 2010 campaign, records show. After Mr. Pruitt took over, instead of pushing the federal judge for a ruling that, seven years later, still hasn’t been issued, he negotiated an agreement with Arkansas and the poultry companies to conduct a study of the appropriate level of phosphorus in the Illinois River. “Regulation through litigation is wrong in my view,” Mr. Pruitt told The Oklahoman newspaper in 2015. “That was not a decision my office made. It was a case we inherited. ” J. D. Strong, director of Oklahoma’s Wildlife Department and the state’s former Secretary of Environment, praised Mr. Pruitt for negotiating the settlement. “You can’t force a judge to rule,” Mr. Strong said. “Pruitt didn’t sit back and wait or badger the judge for a ruling. He worked to get the states of Oklahoma and Arkansas around the table. ” A spokesman from Tyson Food noted that the contributions to Mr. Pruitt’s campaign were made by the company’s executives and employees  —   including two former chief executives and members of the Tyson family  —   rather than by the company itself. “We’ll point out that our employees are encouraged to participate in the election process of public officials at all levels, and are at liberty to make personal contributions to any campaign as they see fit,” Worth Sparkman, the spokesman for Tyson, said. But Mr. Pruitt quietly allowed the expiration of a 2003 agreement that Mr. Edmondson helped negotiate with Arkansas to reduce poultry waste pollution  —   and to monitor the progress  —   without seeking another formal extension of the deal. And Mr. Pruitt shut down the specialized unit of four attorneys and a criminal investigator that had helped initiate the lawsuit against the 14 poultry companies. That environmental unit had broad jurisdiction, forcing   farmers to spend millions of dollars on their own cleanups and collecting tens of millions of dollars to clean up toxic sites in the state, including poisonous waste left at an abandoned lead and zinc mine known as Tar Creek. Mr. Pruitt, in response to questions, provided a list of environmental enforcement actions taken during his tenure, but the list includes cases that were largely initiated under Mr. Pruitt’s predecessor, Mr. Edmondson. A spokesman for Mr. Pruitt said that while the environmental unit had been closed, environmental cases continued to be handled by the state solicitor general’s unit. “Under the leadership of Attorney General Pruitt, this team has held bad actors accountable and protected stewardship of Oklahoma’s natural resources. ” But Mr. Edmondson said that prosecution of such environmental crimes fell as a result of the shuttering of the unit. “Under his tenure as attorney general, I don’t think environmental crimes have disappeared,” Mr. Edmondson said of Mr. Pruitt, in an interview. “It is just the filing of cases alleging environmental crimes that has largely disappeared. ” Residents who live in eastern Oklahoma, where local ponds and streams are still often clogged with algae, said they, too, were frustrated. Phosphorus levels have declined considerably  —   a total of about 70 percent between 1998 and 2015  —   but the largest reductions took place before Mr. Pruitt became attorney general, as wastewater treatment plants have been upgraded and more poultry farmers have shipped chicken waste for proper disposal. Still, the levels remain far above the state standard and the decline in pollution has been slower than some hoped. “I want an attorney general  —   and a head of our E. P. A.  —   who is not averse to protecting Oklahoma’s most outstanding waterways,” said Ed Brocksmith, who is a   of a group called Save the Illinois River. At the same time that he was retreating from his predecessor’s more aggressive approach, Mr. Pruitt sent a series of letters to federal regulators that in some cases were drafted by industry lobbyists and then put on his state government stationery, open records obtained by The New York Times in 2014 showed. The letters pressed the federal government to back down on proposals to tighten controls over energy production, such as oil and gas wells that can release   methane. Mr. Pruitt separately filed a series of lawsuits against the federal government, challenging regulations intended to reduce the discharge of poisonous mercury from   power plants, carbon dioxide blamed for climate change and other emissions that federal authorities argued were causing unsightly haze in Oklahoma’s air. In total, Mr. Pruitt filed 14 lawsuits challenging federal environmental regulations. In 13 of those cases, the   included companies that had contributed money to Mr. Pruitt or to   political campaign committees. Mr. Pruitt separately has served as a leader of the Republican Attorneys General Association, which since 2013 has collected $4. 2 million from   related companies, including Exxon Mobil, Koch Industries, Murray Energy and Southern Company, which in many cases have also supported the lawsuits he has filed. Given the scale of his regulatory challenges, Mr. Pruitt turned to major corporate law firms, which typically defend energy companies fighting these laws, for help. In some cases, that assistance was offered free. BakerHostetler, the   law firm whose clients have included dozens of energy industry players, assigned five of its lawyers to help Oklahoma overturn President Obama’s Clean Power Plan, intended to combat climate change. The law firm did not charge Oklahoma anything for the work, Mr. Pruitt’s office confirmed. David B. Rivkin Jr. the lead attorney from BakerHostetler who handled the matter, said that the work was considered charitable, similar to when major law firms give free legal advice to inmates at the Guantánamo Bay military prison. Environmentalists scoffed. “The industries and companies, through their corporate lawyers, are renting the state’s seal in order to make it look like their   arguments are being made by Scott Pruitt on behalf of a state,” said David Doniger, director of the Climate and Clean Air Program at the Natural Resources Defense Counsel. “It is a disgrace. ” Even federal judges are skeptical. Mr. Pruitt joined with Missouri and several other mostly rural states in one federal suit to beat back California’s regulations requiring egg farms, including those in Oklahoma, that wanted to sell in the state to seek more humane treatment of hens. In rejecting the suit, the federal judge admonished the plaintiffs. “The court concludes plaintiffs have not brought this action on behalf of their interest in the physical or economic   of their residents in general,” Judge Kimberly J. Mueller of the United States District Court wrote in her 2014 opinion, “but rather on behalf of a discrete group of egg farmers whose businesses will allegedly be impacted. ”"
340,17669,"Trump, Davos, Martin Luther King Jr.: Your Weekend Briefing - The New York Times",New York Times,Karen Workman and Merrill D. Oliver,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"Here are the week’s top stories, and a look ahead. 1. By the end of this week, the U. S. will have sworn in a new president. Ahead of Donald J. Trump’s inauguration on Friday, more of his cabinet nominees will appear before Senate committees for confirmation hearings. Last week’s hearings revealed that many of the people he’s chosen have strong disagreements with his policies. If his appointments are confirmed, he’ll put in place a team that is more white and male than any cabinet since Ronald Reagan’s. _____ 2. We spoke with some of the millions of women who voted for Mr. Trump, like Taylor Davis, above, who said she was a “  Bernie supporter. ” “When he backed Hillary Clinton, I couldn’t get behind it,” she said. The women gave a range of reasons for their support for Mr. Trump, including concerns about the economy, immigration and Mrs. Clinton. _____ 3. Mr. Trump lashed out at Mrs. Clinton after the Justice Department said it would investigate James Comey, the F. B. I. director, over his decision to tell Congress about a new review of her emails just days before the election. Mr. Trump called her “guilty as hell. ” He was also mad about a sensational but entirely unverified dossier on his ties to Russia. “Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives,” he tweeted. _____ 4. Congress moved quickly last week in its efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which was one of Mr. Trump’s campaign promises. He also promised it would be replaced by “something terrific,” but Republicans are far from reaching a consensus on what that would be. Here’s a look at the major changes Obamacare brought to health care, which of those changes may now disappear, and what might replace them. _____ 5. Secretary of State John Kerry will spend his last week in office in much the same way as he spent a lot of it: traveling. The trip began with a stop in Vietnam on Friday, above. On Sunday, he’ll be in Paris for peace talks. Also on Sunday, Vice President Joe Biden will be in Ukraine to meet with that country’s president. Later in the week, they’ll both be at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Mr. Kerry will end his term as the   secretary of state in U. S. history, having logged more than 1. 3 million miles. _____ 6. “Have you heard? This screws up all your lives. ” That’s what one youth in Cuba yelled to crowds of people shortly after Mr. Obama announced the end of a U. S. policy that allowed Cubans who reach American soil to obtain legal residency. The decision was long sought by the Cuban government. But younger Cubans, forced to envision a future with fewer options, seemed crushed. _____ 7. Martin Luther King Jr. Day, a federal holiday honoring the life of the civil rights leader, is observed in the U. S. on Monday  —   a day after what would have been his 88th birthday. We reviewed “My Life, My Love, My Legacy,” a posthumous memoir by Coretta Scott King, his wife, who died in 2006. “Living with terror is the thread that runs through ‘My Life,’” our reviewer wrote. Here’s a look at how tensions across the country prompted President Obama to abandon his early reticence on race again and again. _____ 8.   victories in a row.  That’s the tally for the Connecticut women’s basketball team, the Huskies, which shattered its own N. C. A. A. record winning streak with Saturday’s win against Southern Methodist in Dallas. In the N. F. L. playoff games continue: Sunday’s lineup pits the Steelers against the Chiefs in Kansas City (8:20 p. m. Eastern, NBC) and the Packers against the Cowboys in Dallas (4:40 p. m. Eastern, Fox). (Earlier we had an outdated time for the   game. It was moved to 8:20 p. m. because of weather.) _____ 9. One of our reporters has a big, dumb, deep, goofy voice  —   at least that’s how he perceives it. “But I’m reminded of it only when I hear a recording of myself while playing back an interview,” he wrote. He asked experts why so many of us are unpleasantly surprised at the sound of our recorded voices. The answer has to do with how sounds are perceived by the inner ear. Above, the musician Mitski Miyawaki, who said she’s often surprised at the sound of her speaking voice. _____ 10. Finally, let’s talk about the Impossible Burger. It looks like beef. It has the texture of beef. It even appears bloody, but it is definitely vegan. Does it taste like beef, though? We asked a butcher, a cardiologist, a vegan and a technology reporter to weigh in. The consensus: not really. “But I think it’s really good as a   option,” the butcher said. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Evening Briefing, weeknights at 6 p. m. Eastern. Want to look back? Here’s Friday’s Evening Briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com."
341,17670,Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment - The New York Times,New York Times,Dave Itzkoff,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"If Donald J. Trump’s first news conference as   was a raucous, chaotic affair on Wednesday  —   and it was  —   the parody of it on “Saturday Night Live” was somehow calmer and more organized than the actual event. Still, the “S. N. L. ” sketch pulled few punches as it swung at the show’s most powerful, persistent critic, mocking Mr. Trump on a range of subjects, including the perceived lack of star power at his coming inauguration his opaque plan to divest himself from his businesses and the possibility that Russia possessed unverified compromising information on him. Saturday night’s episode, the first new one of 2017, once again featured Alec Baldwin as Mr. Trump. He started off the faux news conference by vowing to answer what he said was “the question that’s on everyone’s mind. ” “Yes, this is real life,” he said. “This is really happening. On January 20, I, Donald J. Trump, will become the 45th president of the United States. ” He continued: “And then, two months later, Mike Pence will become the 46th. ” Listing the performers who are scheduled for his inauguration, he cited the rock band 3 Doors Down, “Jackie What’  ” from “America’s Got Talent” and “the one Rockette with the least money in her savings. ” (He also said the actors Angelina Jolie, Ryan Gosling and Jennifer Lawrence would be in attendance “courtesy of Madame Tussauds. ”) Turning to questions from reporters played by the “S. N. L. ” cast, Mr.    pointedly refused to answer questions about an alleged compromising videotape, because, he said, “it didn’t happen and it wasn’t as cool as it sounded. ” Asked by a reporter played by Sasheer Zamata how he planned to repeal and replace Obamacare, Mr. Baldwin said, “I actually do have a replacement plan, O. K.? I just read about it this week. It’s a terrific plan. Just great. It’s called the Affordable Care Act. ” When Ms. Zamata’s character said that repealing Obamacare meant that people could die, Mr. Baldwin replied, “Listen, sweetheart, I’m about to be president, we’re all going to die. ” As the   Mr. Baldwin went on to say that he was turning his companies over to his sons, “Beavis and  . ” (“You can tell they’re good businessmen because of how   their hair is,” he said.) Recreating another scene from the news conference, the “S. N. L. ” cast member Cecily Strong appeared as Sheri A. Dillon, a tax lawyer for Mr. Trump who spoke at the actual news conference. In a low monotone, Ms. Strong motioned toward a large pile of   papers in various folders that she said proved Mr. Trump was divesting from his companies. “If he wasn’t divesting, how could there be so many damn papers?” she said. The “S. N. L. ” sketch repeated Mr. Trump’s angry repudiation of the news media organization BuzzFeed, which he called “a failing pile of garbage. ” (In the sketch, Mr. Baldwin said he was dissatisfied with the results of a BuzzFeed quiz. “I’m not a Joey, I’m a Rachel,” he said, referring to the “Friends” characters.) There was also a gentle reenactment of Mr. Trump’s refusal to take questions from the CNN White House correspondent Jim Acosta. “You’re fake news,” Mr. Baldwin said in the sketch. “I tried to watch your network last night, and there was just some crazy blond woman spouting lies. ” Bobby Moynihan, playing Mr. Acosta, answered: “That was Kellyanne Conway. ” Finally, after acknowledging to a reporter that Russia probably played a role in hacking the election, Mr. Baldwin took one last question from the cast member Beck Bennett. Though the   Mr. Bennett clearly appeared to be playing President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, he said, in a thick Russian accent, “I am American journalist Wolf Blitzer. Are you sure Russia was behind hacking?” Then he held up a potentially incriminating videotape and asked, “But are you really, really sure?” Mr. Baldwin stammered in reply, “It was China. I mean Canada. It was Meryl Streep. ” Ever since Mr. Trump hosted the program in November 2015 while still vying for the Republican presidential nomination, he has made no secret of his dislike for how “Saturday Night Live” and Mr. Baldwin have portrayed him. After some sketches this season, Mr. Trump has gone on his Twitter account to air his grievances, writing, for example, that the show is “unwatchable,” “totally biased” and “not funny,” and that Mr. Baldwin’s impersonation of him “just can’t get any worse. ” At other times, Mr. Trump has not responded to the show. During Saturday’s opening monologue, Tina Fey, the “S. N. L. ” alumna and “30 Rock” star, offered some advice to the actress Felicity Jones, a   guest host. No matter how the show goes, Ms. Fey said, “The president of the United States will say that it’s sad and overrated. ” She added, “It’s fine, no one cares. ” And then TV viewers warily turned their eyes to Twitter to see what, if anything, would happen next. Late Sunday afternoon, Mr. Trump did respond with a tweet critical of the show, caling it “the worst of NBC,” adding, “Really bad television!”"
342,17671,"Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal - The New York Times",New York Times,Amanda Hess,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"A few weeks after the election of Donald J. Trump, pundits with their eyes glued to Twitter believed they’d finally deciphered the master plan behind the  ’s tweeting. Every time he detonated a   bomb on Twitter, they suspected, it was a sly bid to divert the public eye from more serious news about his impending administration. So when Mr. Trump reignited the dormant debate over flag burning one morning  —   tweeting that those who set fire to the flag should suffer “loss of citizenship or year in jail!”  —   New York magazine’s Jonathan Chait quickly produced a column decoding the message. He called it a “strange fight” and a “classic   nationalist distraction” that proves Mr. Trump’s “dangerous and authoritarian politics is calculated, and not merely crazy. ” But soon a competing theory emerged: Minutes before Mr. Trump’s tweet, “Fox  Friends,” one of the  ’s favorite shows, ran a segment referencing an American flag burned on a college campus to protest his victory. He wasn’t carrying out some strategy. He was   his TV. Twitter is an impulsive medium. Log in and you’re greeted immediately with a text box asking “What’s happening?”  —   as in, right this second. Mr. Trump, who is set to become the nation’s 45th president on Friday, is a master of Twitter, but also in its thrall. Theories of some grand Trump Twitter plot forget that impetuous and aggressive tweeting has been a habit of Mr. Trump’s for years. He famously avoids alcohol Twitter is his vice. And after eight years of     posts from @BarackObama, equally   journalists are transfixed by Mr. Trump’s timeline, too. Mr. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. He is obsessed with his television ratings. His office is festooned with   magazine covers featuring himself. Even negative attention can be a win he’s thrilled to be named Time’s “Person of the Year” even if the cover might evoke images of both Hitler and Satan. But today magazine covers and TV hits lack the cultural dominance they once held. (As Mr. Trump tweeted in 2013, Time “looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! ”) Now he’s found a medium where recognition arrives every fraction of a second, and his reach is quantified in real time  —   ratings, but for every sentence you ever write. Scroll through the list of accounts Mr. Trump follows and you’ll find a tightly curated crew of Trump relatives (like Ivanka)   properties (Trump Waikiki)   celebrities (Roma Downey, wife to “The Apprentice” producer Mark Burnett) and reliably   outlets (“Fox  Friends,” naturally). It’s a remarkable picture of social media restraint for Twitter’s most uninhibited star, and it gives a glimpse at the image Mr. Trump intends to project: devoted family man, tremendous business magnate, friend to Gary Player. But Mr. Trump’s dominant posture is reactive, and his real focus is on who follows him. He almost exclusively retweets praise from fans. He tweets about all the credit he deserves (“Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night”) then waits for more virtual credit to roll in. He brags to journalists about the rate at which likes and retweets hit. He gets high on his own supply. Part of the peculiarity of Mr. Trump’s tweets is that he tweets like a celebrity, not a politician or a businessman. Even his handle, @realdonaldtrump, suggests his full immersion in the most basic of our celebrity culture. Though he’s preparing to assume the presidency, he tweets like a Hollywood social climber  —   he fans celebrity feuds with Graydon Carter (“no talent”) and Meryl Streep (“ ”) and posts product endorsements (“Buy L. L. Bean. ”). The highest office in the land has afforded Mr. Trump his most prominent celebrity perch. His account has risen from a few million followers to nearly 20 million in the past year. There was a time when some assumed that Mr. Trump’s public persona would evolve as he rose in the political ranks. But there’s just one Trump, and that’s been key to his success. As Kim Kardashian once said, the secret to social media dominance is authenticity and consistency. Mr. Trump’s projection of realness relies on him being reliably   and wildly inappropriate. That may seem like a liability for the leader of the free world, but it’s an asset in the   celebrity roles that have led him to this moment: reality TV boss, Howard Stern guest,   heel. Eight years ago, Barack Obama was the social media wonder headed to the White House, and his tech savvy was heralded as a bright light for democracy. The tweets he posts to @POTUS never seem impulsive they seem made for posterity. Even his jokes are calculated to be minimally offensive and maximally educational. When the NASA rover Curiosity carried Mr. Obama’s signature to the surface of Mars, Mr. Obama responded in the form of a dad joke: “That is out of this world. ” If Mr. Obama came to power in a time of great optimism for Twitter, Mr. Trump lords over a waning platform. What was once a hopeful place for global connection and resistance has become a site for coordinating harassment campaigns, connecting with white supremacists and accelerating unverified and sometimes dangerous rumors. Its growth has slumped and its stock price has stagnated. But the place suits Mr. Trump’s purposes fine. For the guy who’s all about appearances, Twitter provides the veneer of populist connection without the hassle of accountability. Sean Spicer, Mr. Trump’s incoming press secretary, has suggested that Twitter town halls and Reddit forums may replace some typical presidential press interactions, where he can easily make himself available to anonymous fans instead of the scrutiny of the press. The social media platforms that were once heralded as democratic tools could also be used to undermine democratic norms. All of this works because one group is as intoxicated by Twitter as Mr. Trump is: journalists. It’s hard to explain to a normal person  —   one of the 79 percent of American adults who don’t use Twitter  —   why the platform mesmerizes the news media. Its   search function means you can conjure material on any kind of news topic  —   or just spend your time searching for your own name. Reporters still crave the ego rush of a published byline, but that pales in comparison to the animated feedback loop that Twitter offers. The more time you spend, and the more tweets you send, the bigger your following becomes. But Twitter provides little actual reach  —   compared with Facebook or Google, it hardly drives any traffic to articles. It’s like a video game for professional validation. Mr. Trump expertly exploits journalists’ unwavering attention to their Twitter feeds, their competitive spirit and their ingrained journalistic conventions  —   chiefly, that what the president says is inherently newsworthy. As a developer and reality show star, he lobbied the news media for coverage. Now journalists feel obligated to pay attention to him. Mr. Trump overwhelms the media with boatloads of what was once a rare commodity: access. He creates impressions faster than journalists can check them. By the time they turn up the facts, the news cycle has moved on to his next missive, leaving less time (and reader attention) for the stories Mr. Trump does not highlight on his feed. Mr. Trump may not follow a deliberate distraction strategy, but he doesn’t need one. He distracts instinctively. All he needs is a phone, the press and whatever thought just entered his mind."
343,17673,"One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet - The New York Times",New York Times,Michael D. Shear,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Just days before Donald J. Trump raises his hand to take the oath of office, police departments in Chicago and Baltimore have agreed to federal overhauls, Cubans no longer have an easy route to residency in the United States, and new civil rights monuments in Alabama and South Carolina are on the books. Still in the works as the seconds tick by for President Obama: a negotiated release of American hostages in Afghanistan, another lengthy list of reduced prison sentences for nonviolent drug offenders, and a raft of appointments to obscure but important federal boards and commissions. And in the face of Mr. Trump’s repeated questioning about whether the United States was getting value for its security dollars in supporting NATO, American tanks began rolling into Poland on Thursday, making good on a promise by Mr. Obama to help Eastern European countries counter Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin. Mr. Obama’s last moments in the White House are being filled with one announcement after another, each intended to bring   efforts to a conclusion before members of his administration unplug their computers, turn off the lights and leave their offices for the last time. Michael Brune, the executive director of the Sierra Club, praised the president for acting to   his successor by designating three civil rights sites, ensuring that they are guaranteed recognition and protection “just days before Donald Trump takes office. ” So far, Mr. Obama has not issued any surprise pardons  —   though he has every right to exercise that power through his final day in office, the way President Bill Clinton pardoned Marc Rich, a tax fugitive. At the same time, some things are already out of Mr. Obama’s reach. Federal law will not allow him to release more detainees from Guantánamo Bay after four more were released on Jan. 5. There is not enough time to finish the legal framework to regulate emissions from airplanes. And officials say there are no more monuments or federal parks to be designated before the transfer of power. But taken together, the administration’s    push is an added aggravation to Mr. Trump and members of his transition team, who are anxiously counting the time until they take over. “It’s the actions of someone who isn’t fully satisfied with what he was able to do,” said Frank Luntz, a Republican pollster. “This is his   chance to do these little things. ” Jason Miller, a spokesman for Mr. Trump’s transition team, called Mr. Obama’s actions “executive overreach,” which he said “hasn’t just been a problem for the past eight days, it’s been a problem for the past eight years, ranging from illegal and unconstitutional amnesty to burdensome regulations that crush small businesses. ” Obama administration officials say they are not cutting bureaucratic corners because of Mr. Trump’s impending move into the West Wing. In most cases, they note, the efforts were begun well before the outcome of the election was known. But they acknowledge that once the Trump administration takes over, many of Mr. Obama’s priorities will have been met. “The administration has made a concerted effort to complete important work that was started months or even years ago,” said Patrick Rodenbush, a spokesman for Mr. Obama. “These actions have been fully considered and are consistent with the priorities this administration has pursued for the past eight years. ” Much of that “important work” has come in a flurry of activity. On Friday, the Justice Department released the findings of a   investigation into allegations that the Chicago Police Department had routinely used excessive force. The report concluded that the Chicago force has systemically violated the civil rights of residents. The release of the report was accompanied by a negotiated agreement with the City of Chicago to address the department’s problem. A similar agreement was reached on Thursday in Baltimore as Justice Department officials raced to complete their work ahead of Friday’s inauguration. Mr. Trump’s Justice Department, which is likely to be led by Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, his choice for attorney general, could still take steps to undermine federal efforts to change the police departments. But officials say that with the agreements in place, Mr. Sessions, who has spoken out against federal overhauls of police departments, would have to actively work to reverse the previous actions. Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch said the announcement in Chicago set in motion a process that would continue “regardless of who sits atop the Justice Department. ” On Thursday evening, Mr. Obama terminated a   policy that allowed Cubans to remain in the United States as legal residents without getting visas, a change that had been long sought by the Cuban government. The elimination of the   “wet foot, dry foot” policy, which dates to 1995, means that Cubans who arrive in the United States illegally will no longer be allowed to stay and eventually qualify to apply for legal, permanent residence. It follows Mr. Obama’s efforts to normalize relations and restore diplomatic ties with Cuba. And earlier on Thursday, Mr. Obama created three new national monuments to honor the struggle for civil rights in America. He designated the historic A. G. Gaston Motel in Birmingham, Ala. as the Birmingham Civil Rights National Monument identified four sites in South Carolina to be called the Reconstruction Era National Monument and established the Freedom Riders National Monument at the Greyhound bus station where Freedom Riders were attacked in the spring of 1961. Mr. Obama also expanded two national monuments in the West, protecting more areas of cultural, historic and environmental significance in Oregon and California. Both moves could anger opponents of federal control of Western lands. Still, with less than a week before Mr. Obama leaves office, his administration is not quite done. White House officials say there is likely to be at least one last batch of commutations as the president seeks to work through a backlog of cases involving long sentences of   drug offenders, most of whom are young minority men. And each day brings new appointments to government panels. In recent days, Mr. Obama has named new members to the President’s Council on Fitness, Sports, and Nutrition the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture Arts Development and the United States Merchant Marine Academy. Perhaps the most dramatic   action could come any day. The administration is racing to secure the release of American hostages in Afghanistan, including an American woman and her Canadian husband, who were abducted in 2012 by the Haqqani network, a powerful faction of the Taliban. The couple later had two children in captivity. The terrorist group is also suspected of abducting an American professor and his Australian colleague in Kabul in August. American Special Operations forces tried to rescue the two men several weeks later but they had been moved. The Haqqanis are demanding the release of members of their group who are being held by the Afghan government. On Wednesday, the Taliban released a video in which the professors pleaded with their governments to negotiate their release."
344,17674,U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union - The New York Times,New York Times,Steven Erlanger,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"LONDON  —   If British plans for leaving the European Union have been a dance of the seven veils, the British government removed one of them on Sunday, letting slip to news media that Prime Minister Theresa May is likely to choose to exit Europe’s single market and its customs union  —   a   hard Brexit. Mrs. May is scheduled to make a   speech on her plans on Tuesday, but the British weekend papers and Sunday news programs were briefed by Downing Street about the main lines of the policy, and some published selected quotations of what Mrs. May is scheduled to say. Officially, a government spokesman on Sunday called the reports “speculation” and emphasized only the extracts of the speech that were leaked by Downing Street itself, with Mrs. May calling for British unity “to make a success of Brexit and build a truly global Britain. ” Those extracts were not explicit on the single market or the customs union, but the Sunday newspapers, which receive their own briefings from the government before publication, took much the same line: that Britain is headed for a sharp break with Europe after a transitional period. Downing Street dislikes the term “hard Brexit,” but an outcome along those lines is not unexpected, because it flows logically from the priorities Mrs. May has set out, particularly about controlling the country’s borders. Being outside the single market could damage Britain’s important financial services sector and is likely to hit the value of the pound again, at least temporarily. A week ago, Mrs. May said in a television interview that   Britain would not be able to keep “bits” of its European Union membership. That, too, was interpreted as a break with the single market, which requires freedom of movement and labor for all citizens of the bloc. “Often people talk in terms as if somehow we are leaving the E. U. but we still want to kind of keep bits of membership,” she said then. “We are leaving. We are coming out. We are not going to be a member of the E. U. any longer. ” She added, “We will be able to have control of our borders, control of our laws. ” She and her officials have made it clear that her two main priorities are ending the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice over British law, and restoring British control over its borders and immigration, including from the European Union. Those decisions mean that Britain could no longer be a part of the single market for goods, capital, people and services of the European Union, because the rules for that market are adjudicated by the European Court of Justice. The situation is similar for the customs union, which applies only to goods. Membership in the customs union would mean that Britain would have to obey European Union regulations on manufacturing standards and would be banned from making separate trade deals with countries  —   two of the most important reasons   forces have cited for leaving the bloc. Another implication of leaving the single market and the customs union would be Britain’s desire to negotiate a new trade deal with the European Union as a special partner of some kind, but one different from those held by countries like Norway and Turkey. It would also seem to mean trying to negotiate a transitional deal with Brussels while the larger trade deal is being haggled out, which could take many years. Under a transitional deal, which would extend beyond the   limit for negotiating the exit, Britain would presumably continue to have a relationship much like the current one, including paying into the European Union’s budget. In an article in The Sunday Times of London, David Davis, the minister in charge of the new Department for Exiting the European Union, wrote that Britain would consider ways to extend or smooth the exit process to provide certainty for businesses. “If it proves necessary, we have said we will consider time for implementation of new arrangements,” he wrote. “We don’t want the E. U. to fail, we want it to prosper economically and politically, and we need to persuade our allies that a strong new partnership with the U. K. will help the E. U. to do that. ” In a combative interview published on Sunday, the chancellor of the Exchequer, Philip Hammond, warned that, if no agreement could be reached on market access, Britain could change its economic model from “European style” taxation and regulation to regain competitiveness. “The British people are not going to lie down and say, ‘Too bad, we’ve been wounded,’” he said. “We will change our model and we will come back, and we will be competitively engaged. ” Those comments, from an interview with the German newspaper Welt am Sonntag, were interpreted as a warning that Britain could use its corporate tax as a form of leverage in Brexit negotiations. In a television interview on Sunday, Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, said that Mr. Hammond “appears to be making a sort of threat to the European community,” calling it “a recipe for some kind of trade war with Europe in the future. ” But Mrs. May’s speech on Tuesday, judging from the excerpts, is also meant to assuage European Union colleagues by committing Britain to a close, friendly and constructive future relationship. Britain would prefer a   customs relationship with the European Union if one can be negotiated on British terms, which would mean limits on the bloc’s citizens working in Britain and the ability to do separate trade deals. European Union leaders have been largely dismissive of such efforts, but both sides are setting out hard positions before the real negotiations begin, sometime after Britain invokes Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty to officially begin the process of leaving the bloc. Mrs. May insists that that will take place before the end of March, even if it requires a vote of Parliament, setting off two years of complicated talks on extracting Britain from a union it joined more than 40 years ago. Mr. Hammond is known to have argued strongly inside the government for Britain to keep its access to the single market to protect its financial sector, which accounts for 10 to 12 percent of Britain’s economic output. Bankers and brokers in the City of London are sometimes reviled by many Britons but are also highly paid, so their tax receipts are important to the Treasury. If a significant number of them moved their operations to European Union cities or New York, the pressure on the British government’s budget to pay for health care, pensions, welfare benefits and military spending would increase substantially. Britain already runs a significantly higher yearly deficit than most European countries, about 4. 4 percent of gross domestic product, and its cumulative debt is estimated at nearly 85 percent of G. D. P. Mainstream economists  —   under fire for wrongly predicting an immediate recession after the Brexit vote last June  —   say those figures are likely to worsen as the pound falls and the economy slows from the delayed effects of Brexit and the uncertainty around it. Mrs. May has also emphasized an interest in working with the incoming American administration of Donald J. Trump, and her government trumpeted its success in arranging a Washington meeting with the new president before the end of February. But her officials were not likely to be happy to discover that Michael Gove, who strongly favored Brexit and whom she fired from the cabinet, had secured the first British interview with Mr. Trump, scheduled to be printed in The Times of London on Monday. That interview comes after Mr. Trump had a series of meetings with Brexit advocates like Nigel Farage, the former leader of the U. K. Independence Party, and Arron Banks, who gave millions to fund UKIP and an alternative “Leave” campaign in the June referendum. Both men are expected to attend Mr. Trump’s inauguration."
345,17675,"British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate - The New York Times",New York Times,Stephen Castle,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"READING, England  —   With its     robotics, Magal Engineering’s factory in the colorless outskirts of this busy commercial town west of London is an important component of Britain’s booming car industry, churning out millions of sophisticated vehicle parts every year. Yet as Britain prepares to leave the European Union, Magal is having to rethink its operations here. The company has sister factories in France and Germany, imports components from them to assemble in Reading, and sends many finished products back across the English Channel  —   all with minimal paperwork and no tariffs. Britain’s departure from the European Union could change all that, ending the   trade that Magal enjoys, potentially disrupting the hiring of crucial engineers from abroad and requiring new hires to keep up with the added paperwork. Britain’s exit is a “big worry” and ideally would be stopped, says Gamil Magal, Magal Engineering’s chief executive. But as a realist, he is preparing to live with it. That means suspending investment in Britain and contemplating production cuts here, even as the company continues to put money into France. With Britain, the policy is “wait and see,” Mr. Magal said, speaking in his office above this bustling factory in a building that once produced World War II aircraft. Although Britain’s economy has so far not suffered the economic blowback that many predicted would follow the vote in a referendum last year to quit the bloc, British companies that import or export goods and services are anxiously assessing the potential costs of departure. Complicating matters is continuing uncertainty over the terms of departure that the government wants to negotiate. Prime Minister Theresa May plans to start two years of formal talks with the European Union on Britain’s withdrawal, widely known as Brexit, by the end of March, and on Tuesday she is expected to give some more detail about her objectives. “We don’t know what is going to happen, the government doesn’t know what is going to happen, and I am not sure that the government even knows what it is asking for,” said David Bailey, professor of industrial strategy at Aston University. There are signs that   companies might be taking action already, ahead of the actual Brexit. In a survey of 233 financial services companies published in The Sunday Times of London last week, 39 said they would reduce staffing because of the Brexit vote, and half of that number had already started to do so. For British banks, a big worry is whether they will able to continue offering services to clients across the bloc. “Most international banks now have project teams working out which operations they need to move to ensure they can continue serving customers, the date by which this must happen, and how best to do it,” Anthony Browne, the chief executive of the British Bankers Association, wrote in The Observer last year. “Their hands are quivering over the relocate button,” he added. Sectors like agriculture, hospitality and construction are worried about labor. They all rely heavily on workers from Southern or Eastern Europe, whose right to employment here may be curbed to achieve Mrs. May’s objective of reducing immigration. Mrs. May has not said explicitly whether she wants Britain to remain in Europe’s Customs Union, which provides for   trade across the   bloc, and includes some nonmembers like Turkey. Nor has she detailed what kind of relationship she wants with the European Union’s single market, which aims to eliminate nontariff barriers and to forge a single services market. But she said in a recent interview that when Britain quits the union, it will not be keeping “bits” of its membership, suggesting that she will be seeking something closer to a clean break, or “hard Brexit. ” And with the clock now ticking toward a planned departure from the union in 2019, companies are already having to contemplate that outcome, even before Ms. May lays out her intentions on Tuesday. For Mr. Magal, the threat of trade tariffs is forcing him to rethink the structure of his business. The company assembles thermostatic control units for car manufacturers, including Jaguar Land Rover in Britain and Daimler in Germany. Tariffs could add anything up to 10 percent to the price of some of his products, an increase he can neither afford to absorb nor pass on. “We don’t make 10 percent profit  —   that’s for sure,” he said, adding, “We won’t be able to increase the price, because the customer will say, ‘We will buy from the competition.’ ” The logic is to reduce the amount of products that are made in Britain for continental Europe, and vice versa. Mr. Magal said that European clients were asking him to consider moving production. “With all the new projects we are getting now from Europe, they are saying, ‘Why can’t you put it in your plant in Europe? Why do you need to do it in the U. K.?’ ” he said. If there is a hard Brexit, as seems increasingly likely, some production might be shifted to Britain from the Continent to serve the British market, but more would shift the other way, Mr. Magal said, adding that some parts could be made only in Germany. It is unclear what the impact will be on the Reading factory and its 230 jobs, or on another British factory that employs about 100 people. Mr. Magal is also worried about recruiting engineers, who are in short supply in Britain, if new immigration restrictions are put in place. And he thinks he may have to hire more administrative staff to deal with possible tariffs and other red tape. British car manufacturing, which has been booming in recent years after a period of decline, is particularly vulnerable to tariffs. Key components flow back and forth across the English Channel before a car is built, and then the assembled vehicle itself is often exported. That could mean paying tariffs repeatedly at different stages along the way. Around   of the 1. 6 million vehicles built in Britain in 2015 were sold abroad about 57 percent of British car exports go to the European Union. Last year, Gareth Jones, president of Britain’s Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders, called for continued “membership of the single market,” and the ability to trade “free from barriers and red tape. ” He appealed to the government, “Don’t screw it up!” British officials say, however, that the country imports more vehicles from the European Union (800, 000 a year from Germany alone) than it exports to it, so would be a net beneficiary, in revenue terms, from a tariff war. Yet Germany has a bigger economic interest in keeping the 27 other European Union nations together in a single market than it does in cutting Britain a favorable deal that would undermine that market. A   negotiation seems inevitable. And the longer Brexit uncertainty prevails, the less attractive Britain is likely to be for many manufacturers, including those from the auto industry. “The value chain crosses borders numerous times, so anything that gets in the way  —   tariff or nontariff barriers  —   is likely to mean less investment,” Mr. Bailey said."
346,17676,Australian Drug Maker Has Low Profile but Powerful Backers in Washington - The New York Times,New York Times,Katie Thomas,2017-03-22,2017.0,3.0,,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   Innate Immunotherapeutics is a tiny pharmaceutical company from Australia that has no approved drugs and no backing from flashy venture capital firms, and trades for just over a dollar a share on the Australian Stock Exchange. More than once, the company has run out of money and nearly closed its doors. But despite its unremarkable profile, Innate has some surprisingly influential boosters in Washington. The congressional liaison to   Donald J. Trump’s transition team, Representative Chris Collins, Republican of New York, is the company’s largest shareholder and sits on the board. Representative Tom Price of Georgia, Mr. Trump’s nominee to be secretary of health and human services, purchased shares of Innate four times in 2015 and 2016, according to congressional financial disclosures, totaling between $60, 000 and $110, 000. Other Washington power players with investments in the company include Michael Hook, Mr. Collins’s chief of staff, who is a top shareholder, and Bill Paxon, a Washington lobbyist and former congressman, according to company filings and congressional financial disclosures. Last summer, Mr. Price, Mr. Hook and Mr. Paxon bought the stock at a discount as part of a private offering organized by Innate aimed at “sophisticated U. S. investors. ” They have since quintupled their money, at least on paper. Mr. Price’s investments in health care companies, including Innate, are almost certain to be a focus of questioning during his confirmation hearings next week. Some prominent Democrats are already asking whether he may have crossed ethical lines by investing in companies that stood to benefit from legislation he helped shape. Senator Chuck Schumer and Representative Louise Slaughter of New York and other Democrats have called for investigations into Mr. Price’s trades. On Wednesday, Mr. Price, who as health secretary would oversee the Food and Drug Administration, filed papers with the federal government saying he would divest himself of interests in several health care companies, including Innate. Phillip J. Blando, a spokesman for the presidential transition, said that Mr. Price took “his obligation to uphold the public trust very seriously,” and that the Office of Government Ethics had completed an “exhaustive” review of his financial holdings. Representatives of Mr. Price and Mr. Collins say they have not broken any rules, but what has puzzled Washington and industry insiders alike is how a   Australian biotech, with only one experimental multiple sclerosis drug under development, attracted a coterie of Washington investors, including the man who is likely to become the next health secretary. “Maybe Chris is just a cheerleader for the company and Tom Price jumped in head over heels,” said Craig Holman, the government affairs lobbyist for Public Citizen, a consumer group, which has asked for an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission. “But it’s got to be taken a look at. It’s just so suspicious, someone’s got to ask, ‘What just happened? ’” Mr. Collins and Mr. Price have both been active in shaping health care legislation, and both voted in favor of the 21st Century Cures Act, which was backed by the pharmaceutical industry and included measures that would allow the F. D. A. to approve drugs more quickly. Mr. Price is a member of the House Ways and Means Committee’s subcommittee on health, and Mr. Collins serves on the health panel of the Energy and Commerce Committee. A spokesman for Mr. Collins said the congressman had followed all ethical guidelines and said Innate was one of many companies he had been involved in. “He is very proud of the progress the company has made over the years and hopeful it will be able to develop a potentially lifesaving treatment for the millions of individuals suffering from secondary progressive multiple sclerosis,” said the spokesman, Michael McAdams. In an interview this week in San Francisco, Innate’s chief executive, Simon Wilkinson, seemed amused at all of the attention now being paid to what he described as his “little biotech at the wrong end of the world. ” Mr. Wilkinson and Michael Quinn, Innate’s chairman, said they had never heard of many of the company’s more prominent investors, and said they first learned that Mr. Price had invested in the company from an article in The Wall Street Journal, which first reported his investment. They also said they had not heard of Mr. Hook, the   shareholder, or Mr. Paxon and said they had little interest in gaining the ear of powerful Washington players. Their goal, they said, is to sell the company to a larger pharmaceutical company. “It won’t be up to us to seek approval for the drug,” Mr. Wilkinson said in the interview, which took place at his hotel on a rundown block in San Francisco, where he was pitching the company to potential buyers at the JPMorgan Health Care Conference. Like many biotech   Innate has had ups and downs, Mr. Wilkinson said. “But sometimes, things happen,” he added. In his case, he said, “I met Chris. ” Mr. Wilkinson said he was on a   trip to the United States in 2005 when the two met, and he made his pitch to Mr. Collins, who was then a businessman with a reputation for turning around struggling companies. Mr. Collins decided to invest in the company, eventually joining its board. In 2007, Mr. Collins was elected county executive of Erie County, which includes Buffalo, and in 2012, he won election to Congress. He remained on Innate’s board, and Mr. Wilkinson and Mr. Quinn said his new political career has had little impact. “If anything, I suspect it’s probably a negative,” Mr. Quinn said. “Because he’s a bit harder to access  —   he’s just busy. ” Mr. Collins remained one of the company’s top cheerleaders, enlisting many of his associates as investors and even lending the company money a handful of times when it was at risk of going out of business. Today, many of Innate’s biggest shareholders have ties to Mr. Collins. They include two of his adult children, Caitlin and Cameron, who are the company’s   and   shareholders, as well as several Buffalo businessmen who have donated to his political campaigns, according to company filings and campaign finance disclosures. Lindy Ruff, the head coach of the Dallas Stars hockey team and a former player and coach for the Buffalo Sabres, is also an investor. Innate’s sole drug in development, MIS416, is in clinical trials in Australia and New Zealand to evaluate whether it works in people with an advanced form of multiple sclerosis. A midlevel trial is underway, and results are due in the middle of this year. Experts in congressional ethics and trading rules said there did not appear to be evidence that Mr. Collins or Mr. Price used nonpublic information to steer their investment activities, a practice that would violate what is known as the Stock Act, which bans insider trading by members of Congress. But, said Donna M. Nagy, a law professor at Indiana University who has written on the financial investments by members of Congress, “One needs facts in order to get answers to those questions, and coming up with the facts for that is going to be difficult. ” Mr. Holman of Public Citizen said Mr. Collins’s recruiting efforts among Washington power players created the opportunity for “influence peddling. ” For example, Mr. Paxon, who represented Mr. Collins’s congressional district in the 1990s, could appear before Mr. Collins as both a lobbyist and a fellow investor in Innate. “It’s a very effective means of buying access and hopefully influencing politicians,” Mr. Holman said. Mr. Collins’s spokesman said Mr. Paxon and Mr. Collins had never discussed Innate and noted that, because they are both from the Buffalo area, he might have become aware of Innate through other investors in the region. Mr. Paxon did not respond to emails and a call for comment. Last summer, Innate offered a select opportunity to United States investors, one that Mr. Collins’s friends and associates appear to have benefited from. Under what is known as a private placement, Innate sold a limited number of shares at a discount in an effort to raise capital. In company filings, Innate said one offering of the shares would be sold to “sophisticated U. S. investors” and would be used, among other things, to finance a clinical trial and to gain permission from the F. D. A. to start a process that could lead to applying for approval of the drug in the United States. Last summer, Mr. Price, Mr. Hook and Mr. Paxon were among 16 entities that took part in the private American placement, as did several other of Mr. Collins’s associates and donors, according to the company filing. Mr. Price and Mr. Hook also participated in a second offering in the summer, the filings show. Mr. Price purchased between $50, 000 and $100, 000 in Innate shares in August, which was among the largest stock buys he had made since 2012, according to congressional financial disclosures. The investment was larger than his trades in more established pharmaceutical stocks like Pfizer and Merck. With his discount from the private placements, Mr. Price would have purchased some stock at 25 Australian cents per share in August and some at 34 cents. The stock closed on Friday at $1. 31. Mr. McAdams, Mr. Collins’s spokesman, said the private placement was available to qualified American investors and said Mr. Hook had previously invested in a private placement with the company in 2009, before Mr. Collins was a congressman. Several other investors were longtime friends of Mr. Collins, Mr. McAdams said, and their investment predates his time in Congress. Mr. Quinn dismissed questions about whether anyone engaged in insider trading and said the company’s stock had been rising in anticipation of the results of the clinical trial later this year. The outcome of such trials is typically kept secret from investors and even company executives. “Right now the whole value of this thing swings on a bet on the study results,” he said. In San Francisco this week, Mr. Wilkinson said he had received interest in a possible acquisition from about 20 “high grade” pharmaceutical companies. The drug, if approved, would be the first to treat a progressive form of multiple sclerosis. But he was also   noting wryly that Innate was such a “bottom feeder” at the JPMorgan conference that the company had not even qualified for an invitation to attend the main event."
347,17678,A High-End Kitchen on the Cheap - The New York Times,New York Times,Michelle Higgins,2017-01-10,2017.0,1.0,,"Collin Bond had no intention of buying a $1, 400 Thermador warming drawer when he and his wife, Ashley, popped into the Habitat for Humanity ReStore in New Rochelle, N. Y. in the spring of 2015. But when he spotted one at the nonprofit   store for the   price of $50, he immediately scooped it up. No matter that the couple were living in a rental in Downtown Brooklyn and had only just begun their search for a Westchester County   in earnest. “I didn’t have a place to put it at the time, but I took it,” said Mr. Bond, 36, an associate broker at Douglas Elliman in Manhattan, who had an idea of how expensive the drawer normally was from his work in the industry. “Fifty dollars, that’s crazy!” he said, recalling his thoughts at the time. “I wonder what else I can do?” Ms. Bond, 31, who works in public relations for the home and design industry, approved. “I honestly didn’t see the need for a warming drawer, but liked the way he was thinking. ” And so, with his wife’s blessing and a warming drawer in the trunk of his car, Mr. Bond began his quest for a   kitchen on the cheap. It wasn’t long before he spotted a Wolf microwave, normally at least $1, 000, for $200 on Craigslist and found himself at the warehouse of the seller, a contractor in New Jersey who works on luxury developments. In chatting with the contractor, Mr. Bond learned that many of the   developers he worked with would replace all the appliances in model apartments with new ones once the apartments had sold  —   even though the “old” ones may have been used just to boil tea or store bottled water for visitors to the building. “He was basically telling me, ‘I’m paying an assistant to list these,’” Mr. Bond said. “I told him, ‘Just give me a call next time. ’” About a month later, Mr. Bond’s phone rang and he was back in New Jersey with a rented   and a hand truck, picking up an $7, 400   wine refrigerator for $1, 000 from the same man. Mr. Bond paid some members of the contractor’s construction crew $20 each to help him load it. With his collection of discount kitchen appliances growing, Mr. Bond invested in a small storage unit, paying around $150 a month. Now his search became strategic. To match his newly acquired wine refrigerator, a    integrated model, Mr. Bond created alerts on Craigslist for a corresponding       with the same width, depth and height, normally $7, 540. Soon, he had a Craigslist ad in his inbox posted by a contractor who was renovating a house in Westchester for clients who wanted a change in style. “It was a relatively new kitchen,” Mr. Bond said. But according to the contractor, he added, “The people who had bought it were like, ‘We don’t like this kitchen we just want a new kitchen. ’” Mr. Bond showed up with cash in hand,   in tow. “I went in there for one fridge and ended up negotiating and getting two fridges and the dishwasher,” he said. He paid $2, 400 for the lot, down from about $3, 000. To ensure that the appliances worked, he asked the sellers to have them up and running before he arrived. “I’d make sure I’d call them and say, ‘I’m going to meet you at 2 p. m. on Wednesday. Can you please make sure it’s plugged in and at temperature when I get there? ’” Not everything went flawlessly. After being transported to the storage unit, the wine refrigerator wouldn’t hold the proper temperature in one of its zones. “Something had become disconnected,” said Mr. Bond, who paid a local repairman $200 to fix it. But with   refrigerators normally selling for as much as $8, 000, he figured, “If I’m buying it for $1, 000 and I put another $1, 500 into it  —   that’s still an incredible savings. ” But there was still the matter of finding a new home to house all the fancy appliances. “We really wanted something that we could make our own,” said Mr. Bond, who worked in carpentry in high school and as a general contractor during summers between college. “We were looking for something we could put some sweat equity into. ” That summer, they found their  : a     prewar apartment in Scarsdale, N. Y. “The place was    white carpet, which was horrendous,” Mr. Bond said. “I think it had actually been a pink carpet that had just gotten bleached over the years, because when we moved the dining room table, there was a pink ring under it. ” Mirrored wall panels in the living room had been painted over, and the appliances hadn’t been upgraded since the 1980s. “We just saw a lot of potential,” Mr. Bond said. Underneath the old carpet, there were beautiful oak floors, and the walls that boxed off the kitchen, living and dining rooms could come down. Not to mention that the place cost about a quarter of what it would have in Brooklyn. They closed on the apartment in July 2015, paying about $240, 000, and immediately began renovating the kitchen, a process that took about five months. Mr. Bond acted as the general contractor, filing for permits and finding subcontractors to build out their vision. A family friend drew up the plans based on the appliances Mr. Bond had in storage. But his obsession with Craigslist did not end. In search of an elusive Miele espresso maker and Viking range, he checked his emails nightly. He admitted he was getting a little carried away when he decided they should buy a   range he found online, although they had already agreed on a   model. “My wife was like, ‘We don’t need that big of a stove in our kitchen. As it is, we have three refrigerators. This is not a commercial kitchen. ’” Putting it more mildly, she added: “He had the best of intentions, but I had to reel him in on the   range, because it just didn’t fit and we would have had to rework all of our cabinet sizes. ” Mr. Bond ended up buying a   Viking (normally $5, 000) for $1, 500, even though it was set up for propane and their apartment uses natural gas. To salvage the deal, he picked up a conversion kit for about $50 at a local hardware store and did the installation himself after watching a video on YouTube. Then, just as he had resigned himself to drinking regular coffee, a Craigslist alert landed in his inbox for a Miele espresso maker that normally sold for $3, 500. “A really, really sweet couple” who happened to live nearby were selling it for $500, he said. To find out if it worked, Mr. Bond asked them to make him a cup of coffee, but an error message kept popping up on the espresso maker’s display. Mr. Bond left without the machine, but called a few repair shops and learned that it could be fixed for $300. He returned, offered the couple $200 and it was his. In all, the Bonds paid about $6, 000 for their kitchen appliances, including repairs. Purchased new, the same appliances would have cost roughly $35, 000. Dinner parties are a regular event in their new home, and all three refrigerators are put to use. Although, Mr. Bond admitted, “It’s all a little overkill  —   I feel like a food hoarder. ” And the warming drawer that started the whole thing? It was one of the best purchases they made, Ms. Bond said. “We use it every time we have a group of people over. ”"
348,17679,"Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past - The New York Times",New York Times,Winnie Hu,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"John McFadden no longer sticks his hand out for a yellow cab. He has plenty of other options at his fingertips. With a couple of taps on his phone, he lines up rides with Via, a   service that shuttles him around Manhattan with strangers for a flat rate of $5. When he wants to ride alone, he taps again, this time summoning a car through Uber. “I used to go out and hail a cab, but this is more convenient,” said Mr. McFadden, 47, a photographer. “We all use our phones all day, every day. ” The yellow cab may be as synonymous with New York as pizza, Broadway and the Empire State Building, but more and more it is no longer the ride of choice. This fixture of city life  —   a touchstone of popular culture in movies like “Taxi Driver’’ and the hit television series “Taxi”  —   was once the main alternative to subways and buses, hailed by rich and poor alike. Cabdrivers were the ambassadors of the streets, welcoming newcomers, passing along city lore and dispensing advice even when no one asked. But yellow cabs  —   which now number just 13, 587  —   have lost significant ground to a growing fleet of black cars summoned by   apps with short, catchy names and loyal followings: Uber, Lyft, Via, Juno, Gett. The average number of daily taxi trips fell by more than 100, 000 in November 2016 from the same month six years ago as these apps have taken off. Today, more than 60, 000 black cars are for hire in the city. More than 46, 000 are connected with Uber, though they may also work for other services too. And the competition is fierce. The     services offer discounts and promotions along with options such as car pools, the ability to rate drivers and GPS tracking. They have flooded neighborhoods where taxi service has long been spotty and are now competing in areas like Midtown Manhattan, where taxis once flourished. And they appeal to a new generation of   riders who live on their phones, ordering everything from groceries to books and movies. “It won’t be long before this is an Uber town instead of a   town,’’ said Evan Rawley, an associate professor of management at the Columbia Business School. “  apps have gained a huge market share in a short period of time. They have expanded the market, but also stolen share from taxicabs. ’’ Many   owners and drivers are struggling in a city with more transportation options than ever, including a new subway line on Second Avenue and the proliferation of Citi Bikes. The medallions that give cabs the right to operate have plummeted in value, going for less than half of the $1. 3 million price recorded in 2013 and 2014, though industry experts have cautioned that their value was inflated. At the same time, many drivers have defected to the new services, which often offer more flexible hours and bonuses, resulting in so many taxis sitting idle in parking lots and garages that they have become known as “taxi graveyards. ” Over all, yellow cabs made an average of 336, 737 daily trips and $4. 98 million in fares in November, down from 463, 701 trips and $5. 17 million in fares in the same month in 2010, according to city data. “I don’t remember the last time I took a yellow cab,” said Stacey Moorehead, 51, who works in advertising. “My son had a bar mitzvah every single weekend for six months. I never took a cab. I either took Via or Uber to take him there and to pick him up. ” Kwabena Boateng, 46, a cabdriver since 2001, says that things have gotten so bad that many of his friends now work for Uber. He makes less than he did even three years ago. “I am still contemplating what to do,” he said. Still, Michael Woloz, a spokesman for the Metropolitan Taxicab Board of Trade, which represents the owners of 5, 500 medallions, said the   industry was evolving to meet the demands of passengers and drivers, introducing its own apps, Arro and Curb, and opening a new center in Queens to provide training and recruit new drivers. “This is always going to be an iconic   town,” Mr. Woloz said. “Uber is the same everywhere  —   there is nothing ‘New York’ about them  —   kind of like McDonald’s or Starbucks. But yellow taxis are unique to New York City and, while maybe a little retro, they are as vital and soulful as ever. ” New York City’s taxi industry grew out of the   hansom cabs of the 1800s, according to Graham Hodges, the author of “Taxi! A Social History of the New York City Cabdriver. ” After a businessman, Harry N. Allen, was overcharged for a ride, he started the first fleet of   cabs in 1907. The shiny red cars were imported from France, equipped with fare meters and lined up at a stand outside the Plaza Hotel. As the years went on, yellow taxis became popular because the color was easy to spot from a distance, Mr. Hodges said. John Hertz, the founder of Hertz car rental company, started the Yellow Cab Company in Chicago in 1915. Yellow became the official color of New York’s medallion taxis in 1967. There were more than 16, 000 cabs in New York before the city began regulating the number in 1937 out of concerns that an oversupply had led to reckless driving, congestion and   fares. “It became part of our consciousness,” Mr. Hodges said. “They’re really essential to the quotidian life of the city. ” Yellow cabs still have their fans. Sean Lawrence, 28, a freelance producer, said he preferred hailing a cab because it was less complicated than fiddling with an app and because cabdrivers knew their way around. “I like to think the hail is here to stay,” he said. But others have never even set foot in a yellow cab. Since moving to the city in June, Chip Hermann, 25, an associate at a financial services company, has used only Uber, Lyft, Via or Juno. “Maybe I’ve missed that ‘New York experience,’ but I don’t really want it,” he said. “It just makes sense to use technology to make things cheaper and easier. ” Uber, which started operating in New York in 2011, is by far the largest of the   services. It provided an average of 226, 046 rides per day in October 2016, followed by Lyft, with 35, 908 rides, according to city data. Via had 21, 698 rides Juno, 20, 426 and Gett, 7, 227. “Before you used to see a sea of yellow now you see a sea of black,” said Robert Perez, 63, a cabdriver for two decades, as he pointed to a line of black cars on West 38th Street. While black cars have long served Wall Street banks and law firms, they were not for casual or   users because they had to be prearranged. Only taxis were allowed to pick up people on the street. But now, with smartphone apps that can dispatch cars in minutes, there is little practical distinction between them. But   owners and drivers complain that while they serve the same customers as the   apps, they are more heavily regulated by the city. Uber, for instance, can use surge pricing to charge higher fares during peak times while cabs are locked into fixed rates. By 2020, half of all yellow cabs must be   while the new services have no such mandate. “Some progress has been made in leveling the playing field, but a lot more work needs to be done,” Mr. Woloz said. Meera Joshi, commissioner of the Taxi  Limousine Commission, said regulation was needed “to protect the rights of passengers, drivers and those they share the street with. ” Alix Anfang, an Uber spokeswoman, said the company filled a gap, serving many neighborhoods where yellow taxis were scarce and other transportation options limited. “We have consistently grown fastest in communities outside of Manhattan,’’ she said, “because there is a huge market of people who want a reliable, affordable way to get around but, before Uber, were left stranded. ” Via started in 2013 with five sport utility vehicles on the Upper East Side, where subways are crowded even with the new line on Second Avenue and taxis are in short supply during commuting periods. The service now has more than 1, 500 cars crisscrossing much of Manhattan, as well as making stops in Williamsburg, Brooklyn and at the airports. Via has also expanded to Chicago and Washington. Uber and Lyft have their own version of a city car pool, UberPool and Lyft Line. Daniel Ramot, 41, Via’s   and chief executive, said his service was inspired by the shared taxis in Israel known as “sherut” that supplement the public transit system. Mr. Ramot said he could have used Via himself when he worked for a biotechnology research company in Midtown in 2012. At the end of a long day, he would join the line of people at the curb, all trying to hail cabs. “It was not a happy moment, especially if you’re trying to get home and do something,” he said. “I could just visualize these vans coming up the avenues picking people up and dropping them off. ”"
349,17680,A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. - The New York Times,New York Times,Ashley Ross,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"Jeanette Lilly Hunt was 18 when her    rented a room in his Camden, N. J. home to two students who were studying across the Delaware River at the Crozer Theological Seminary. Mrs. Hunt, who is now 85, said she did not pay much attention to either student until her    Benjamin Hunt, and Ulysses Wiggins, the president of the Camden County branch of the N. A. A. C. P. helped the students file a police complaint. The complaint was against Ernest Nichols, a white tavern owner in Maple Shade, N. J. and said that he had refused to serve the black students and their dates in June 1950, and had threatened them by firing a gun in the air. The complaint was signed by the two students. One of the signatures, in a loopy, slanted cursive, reads “M. L. King Jr. ” M. L. King Jr. who was then 21, listed his address as 753 Walnut Street, Mr. Hunt’s home. The home, which has been empty for decades, is still owned by Mrs. Hunt, who said the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was like a member of the family when he lived there from 1949 to 1951. In recent years, Mrs. Hunt has been helping activists who are trying to have the property placed on the National Register of Historic Places. While the house has been designated as a historic site by the City of Camden, the State of New Jersey must review the application before it can move to the federal level. Mrs. Hunt, whose husband, Jesthroe, died in 2005, has been paying between $500 and $1, 000 a year in property taxes to hang on to the dilapidated   home, which she said she has always dreamed would be restored in honor of Dr. King,  who was killed in 1968. Cooper’s Ferry Partnership, a nonprofit that develops properties around the city, added the Walnut Street home to its roster of restoration projects in the fall. Anthony J. Perno III, the chief executive of Cooper’s Ferry, said the organization was forming a committee to raise money to restore the home and was discussing how best to proceed. “The question is, What role could the property play in a larger community discussion?” Mr. Perno said. “It should be more than a museum, but what exactly, we don’t know yet. ”  Clayborne Carson, a professor and the director of the Martin Luther King Jr. Research and Education Institute at Stanford University, said Dr. King’s first personal encounter with segregation, in a way that he saw his life endangered, could have occurred during his time in Camden. “Another element of this was that he had a pad,” Dr. Carson said of the Camden home. “A place outside the campus dormitory where if you wanted to take a trip into Philadelphia, you had a place to stay. ” Dr. Carson learned about Dr. King’s connection to the Walnut Street property from Patrick Duff, a New Jersey car salesman and amateur historian. His research caused Dr. Carson to rethink Dr. King’s years at the seminary, the first time he was out of the watchful eye of his father, a traditional Baptist pastor. “King led this life under the protective shadow of his father, but here we see that at Crozer, he probably becomes more aware of the harsher aspects of American racism,” Dr. Carson said. “That incident in Maple Shade, I think, is part of that awakening. You see that Crozer wasn’t this northern oasis protected from the reality of racism. ” Mr. Duff found the complaint in the Stanford archives while researching the episode at the Maple Shade tavern. “On January 15 of 2015  —   I’m not even kidding  —   it was Dr. King’s actual birthday, when I was searching an archive and I came across the actual police complaint,” Mr. Duff said. But the case was dropped when three white witnesses would not testify. Mr. Nichols’s lawyer issued a statement at the time saying that his client did not intend to threaten the students when he fired the gun. The tavern would have been the ideal place for a memorial, Dr. Carson said, but it was demolished in 2011, making the Camden property the next best choice. “Anything that survives from the past that allows us to illuminate some significant aspect of the past is valuable to have,” Dr. Carson said. “To me, not preserving something like this is like going into a museum and burning one of the documents. ” But the process for the Camden house to receive state or federal recognition is slow, and Kate Marcopul, the administrator of the New Jersey Historic Preservation Office, says her agency is still researching whether the home meets the criteria for the state and national registries. Paul Loether, the chief of the National Register of Historic Places for the National Park Service, which operates the Martin Luther King Jr. National Historic Site in Atlanta, says his staff does not judge any property until it has gone through a state review. “Obviously, it seems to be a potential candidate for its association with Dr. King, but it really has to be evaluated according to the guidelines and criteria,” Mr. Loether said. The property’s potential has attracted the attention of State Senator Tom Kean Jr. a Republican, and United States Representatives Donald Norcross, Democrat of New Jersey, and John Lewis, Democrat of Georgia. Mr. Lewis marched alongside Dr. King in Washington on Aug. 28, 1963, the day Dr. King gave his “I Have a Dream” speech. Mr. Lewis said Martin Luther King Jr. Day was especially poignant this year because America’s first black president, Barack Obama, will leave office on the same week as the national holiday. “More than any other time in our recent history, there’s so much talk, so much discussion, so much attention to the issue of race,” Mr. Lewis said in an interview. “This is a fitting and appropriate time that we look back and see the distance we’ve come, the progress we’ve made, to recognize some of these pieces of history and save and preserve them for generations yet unborn. ”"
350,17681,Packers. Patriots. Steelers. Falcons. Who Has the Edge? - The New York Times,New York Times,Benjamin Hoffman,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"Road teams finally found the success they were missing in this season’s playoffs, with Green Bay and Pittsburgh advancing to the conference championships. Both will have to repeat that road success if either team wants to make it to Super Bowl LI in Houston, as the Packers will travel to Atlanta and the Steelers will be on their way to New England. Here’s a quick preview of the conference championships: No. 4 Green Bay Packers ( ) at No. 2 Atlanta Falcons ( ) Time: 3:05 p. m. Eastern, Fox Spread: Falcons are favored by 4. They say “defense wins championships,” but the N. F. C. will almost assuredly be decided by which team’s superstar quarterbacks is able to do more damage. Aaron Rodgers has led the Green Bay Packers to eight consecutive wins, repeatedly delivering under intense   pressure, and Matt Ryan looks like a completely different player than the one who struggled in recent seasons. Green Bay will be trying to win a a second consecutive playoff game on the road, and Atlanta, after an easy win over Seattle in the divisional round, will be trying to reach the Super Bowl for the first time since the 1998 season. No. 3 Pittsburgh Steelers ( ) at No. 1 New England Patriots ( ) Time: 6:40 p. m. Eastern, CBS Spread: Patriots are favored by 6. At one point during the season the Patriots seemed nearly unbeatable, but they have had to work far harder in recent weeks to keep things going. The Steelers, meanwhile, have hit their stride defensively, with an offense led by the usual suspects of Ben Roethlisberger, Le’Veon Bell and Antonio Brown. It will be New England’s 11th appearance in the A. F. C. championship game in the 16 seasons of the Tom Brady Era, and the team will be trying to reach the Super Bowl for the seventh time in that span. The Steelers, who have won two Super Bowls with Roethlisberger, are hoping to make an appearance in the game for the fourth time in 12 seasons. Here’s how all four teams got here: It may not have been the type of game the Pittsburgh Steelers prefer to play, with all of the team’s scoring coming from their kicker’s foot, but in the playoffs a win is a win. And the Steelers’ ugly   victory over the Kansas City Chiefs was just enough to earn the team a trip to New England to face the Patriots in the A. F. C. championship game. It was a game largely defined by Pittsburgh’s inability to punch the ball into the end zone after moving the ball well between the   lines. The game’s biggest moment came near the end when Sean Davis, the Steelers’ defensive back whose    hit helped set up a late touchdown for Kansas City, was able to help break up the Chiefs’   conversion attempt that would have tied the game. The Steelers wasted a tremendous effort by running back Le’Veon Bell, who broke his own franchise postseason record by gaining 170 yards on 30 carries. Despite Bell’s success, Pittsburgh was forced to turn to Chris Boswell, the team’s kicker, for a postseason record six field goals, breaking the previous record of five that been accomplished eight times. In an   interview after the game, Boswell rejected the notion that he was the team’s newest “Killer B” along with Ben Roethlisberger, Antonio Brown and Bell. “It was just about doing my job,” Boswell said. “Come out here and put it through the yellow pipes and don’t really think too much, don’t think ‘I’m the guy’ or anything. ” The Chiefs had started the game well, becoming the first team this season to score against Pittsburgh on an opening drive, but the offense went quiet after that, managing one field goal and one late touchdown which was too little, too late. Pittsburgh’s defense largely eliminated Tyreek Hill, the Chiefs’ versatile offensive weapon. He was limited to 18 rushing yards and 27 receiving yards, serving as a decoy on many of Kansas City’s plays. The Steelers will now go on the road against New England trying to earn its fourth trip to the Super Bowl in the Ben Roethlisberger era. “I think it’s going to be a showdown,” Bell said in a televised interview. “Obviously, two great quarterbacks going    two of the best teams in the A. F. C. so it’s time to settle it next week. ” The Green Bay Packers could not hold on to a huge early lead, but in the game’s final seconds Aaron Rodgers was given one more chance to score, and his long completion to Jared Cook set up Mason Crosby’s     field goal in a   victory over the Dallas Cowboys that earned the Packers a trip to the N. F. C. championship game next week against Atlanta. After a string of boring playoff blowouts this season, all won by home teams, Green Bay bucked the trend in a thrilling game in which the Packers raced to a   lead only to slowly let Dallas back into the game. The Cowboys tied it up at   before the teams traded long field goals, with Crosby’s   and   makes beating out the   from Dan Bailey that nearly resulted in overtime. There were offensive fireworks on both sides, as Rodgers threw for 356 yards and 2 touchdowns while Dak Prescott, the Cowboys’ Cinderella story at quarterback, threw for 302 yards and 3 touchdowns. While Rodgers walked away with the win, Prescott showed exactly why the team confidently kept him as the team’s starter even after longtime starter Tony Romo was declared healthy. In the end, however, Rodgers had just enough to overcome Dallas’ furious comeback. He rattled the Cowboys’ defense all game, catching them moving too slowly on substitutions, taking advantage of penalties, and deftly avoiding the rush to set up passing plays. And on the final drive, when his team needed him most, he found Cook downfield for a shocking   gain that set up Crosby’s  . Cook just barely got his feet down before going out of bounds, with the play requiring a review after officials disagreed about whether or not he made the catch. Rodgers was all smiles in an   interview after the game, saying the game was fun. But when asked about what he was thinking as his long pass to Cook was reeled in, he gave all the credit to Cook. “It was a great catch by Jared,” Rodgers said, adding “It’s just kind of schoolyard at times late in the game like that. ” Rodgers was forced to play the entire game without his top wide receiver, Jordy Nelson, but he was able to succeed thanks to strong games from Cook, Davante Adams and Randall Cobb. Ty Montgomery, the wide    back, chipped in with 11 carries for 47 yards and 2 touchdowns, while also catching 6 passes for 34 yards. That the game was left to Crosby’s strong right leg may have worried some Packers fans, but the veteran kicker had an incredible final four minutes of the game. His   make set a franchise playoff record, and he had to make the   attempt twice as Dallas used a timeout to erase his first attempt. While the   was a fairly low kick, it easily made it over the crossbar, completing the Green Bay victory. Green Bay has now won eight consecutive games after Rodgers vowed to “run the table” following the team’s loss to Washington in Week 11. While the quarterback’s long streak without an interception finally ended in the second half, he continued to show off the M. V. P. form that had eluded him in the first half of the season. The loss ended what had been a remarkable season for Dallas, a team that captured the No. 1 seed in the N. F. C. despite losing Romo during the preseason and being forced to hand over the offense to Prescott, a   draft pick who few expected to play, let alone start. But Prescott and Ezekiel Elliott, along with some tremendous play by the team’s offensive line, formed an offense that few could keep up with. As the No. 4 seed in the conference, Green Bay will travel to face the No.   Falcons in Atlanta next Sunday. ■ Matt Ryan led the Atlanta Falcons to a   win over the Seattle Seahawks and heard choruses of “M. V. P.! M. V. P. !” which seemed justified by his     performance. That his return to the playoffs was a huge success against Seattle’s Legion of Boom secondary was quite an accomplishment, though it comes with the asterisk of Earl Thomas having missed the game. Thomas, the   safety, was sorely missed, especially on a      by running back Devonta Freeman, who executed a fake that left Thomas’s replacement, Steven Terrell, grasping at air as he fell to the turf. ■ The Houston Texans’ defense was the only thing keeping the team together all season, and the unit did its best in a lopsided loss to the New England Patriots in which the team intercepted Tom Brady twice but also saw Dion Lewis become the first player in the Super Bowl era to score touchdowns on a run, a pass and a kickoff return in a playoff game. The   Houston defense got little help from Brock Osweiler, the team’s quarterback who seemed to change a few minds last week, then reminded everyone of his flaws with three interceptions on Saturday. Even with a   victory for the Patriots, the game showed a great number of flaws for New England going forward. Pretty or not, the Patriots are headed to the team’s 11th conference championship game in the last 16 seasons."
351,17682,On This the N.F.L. Agrees: The Cowboys’ Offensive Line Is No. 1 - The New York Times,New York Times,Victor Mather,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"Much of the credit for the remarkable rise of the Dallas Cowboys from   last season to   this season has gone to two rookies: quarterback Dak Prescott and running back Ezekiel Elliott. But insiders will tell you that the real secret to the Cowboys’ success is their offensive line, which, by most accounts, is the best in the N. F. L. Whether blocking for Elliott or giving Prescott the time he needs to find an open receiver, Dallas’s dominant line is the constant that has driven the team forward. It is difficult to scientifically assess the merits of an offensive line. Linemen do not compile straightforward statistics, like yardage or touchdowns. But measures that do exist point to the Cowboys’ line as elite. Three of the five starters have been chosen to the Pro Bowl, a total matched only by the Oakland Raiders. It is the fourth consecutive Pro Bowl selection for left tackle Tyron Smith and the third straight for center Travis Frederick and right guard Zack Martin. The line is rounded out by left guard Ronald Leary, subbing for the injured La’el Collins, and the veteran right tackle Doug Free. “I have always felt that the offensive line are the heartbeat for a franchise,” Troy Aikman, the former Cowboys quarterback, said. “If you’ve got tough physical offensive linemen, then your team is going to be tough and physical. That becomes what your identity is. ” Aikman will be calling Dallas’s game against the Green Bay Packers on Sunday for Fox. Others around the N. F. L. agree. “The offensive line is unbelievable,” Vikings Coach Mike Zimmer told reporters in November. “They’re by far the best in the league that I’ve seen. Smith is the best lineman in the league by far. But they’ve got a lot of big, physical guys. ” Elliott thought enough of his linemen to give them all John Deere   vehicles for Christmas. Focusing on the offensive line has been a conscious decision by Coach Jason Garrett and the Cowboys. “The background that Jason has, his beliefs come from the years we shared together with the Cowboys in the ” Aikman said. “His interest was building the offensive line. They built their offense around the power running game. ” The Cowboys had not used a   pick on a blocker since 1981, eight years before Jerry Jones bought the team. But a run of three in four years  —   Smith in 2011, Frederick in 2013 and Martin in 2014 —   laid the foundation for the corps now in place. Using a system that includes statistics like yards before contact on running plays and sacks, hits, and hurries on passing plays, Pro Football Focus ranked the Cowboys’ offensive line the best in the league, ahead of the lines of the Eagles and the Raiders. (The Chargers ranked last.) Although it is hard to quantify exactly how much of the credit goes to the offensive line, the Cowboys ranked fifth in yards per pass and third in yards per run. Dallas and Atlanta were the only teams in the top five in both categories. The news media have also piled on the praise. Sports Illustrated writers picked the Cowboys as the best offensive line, and also suggested that the unit should be considered the league’s collective most valuable player. Bleacher Report went further, naming the line as one of the greatest in history, alongside units like the Redskins Hogs of the early 1980s and the Raiders of the 1970s. One line also named among the greatest was the Cowboys’ line of the early to mid 1990s, which won three Super Bowls blocking for Emmitt Smith. While praising the current unit, Aikman was quick to nod to the men who blocked for him, who came into the league less heralded. “We never had three   guys or   picks on the offensive line,” he noted. Sunday’s game will be a match of great lines, with the Packers’ offensive line, ranked fifth by Pro Football Focus, anchored by the Pro Bowl right guard T. J. Lang. The Cowboys’ future up front looks strong. Of the three Pro Bowl linemen, Smith is in his sixth year, Frederick in his fourth and Martin in his third. All are signed for next season, as is Free. Leary may leave as a free agent, but at 32, he is a much more replaceable piece. With the rookie Prescott at the helm, the solid line is a security blanket. “I would have loved to have those in place when I came in as a rookie in 1989,” Aikman said. “Whether it’s me, Joe Montana or Terry Bradshaw, there were good players around us. Prescott’s been the beneficiary. ”"
352,17683,Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due - The New York Times,New York Times,Ben Shpigel,2017-01-15,2017.0,1.0,,"KANSAS CITY, Mo.  —   The most important play in football as far as the Kansas City Chiefs are concerned is not a long gain on first down or a defensive stop on   . It is the punt, the humble   and anyone who rebuts this point with Dave Toub does so at his own peril. Toub is the team’s   coordinator, the mastermind behind an elite unit, one that has fueled the Chiefs’ rise to A. F. C. contender and also his own candidacy for head coaching openings. But before Toub directed a group that has dominated field position and returned nine kickoffs or punts for touchdowns during his four seasons in Kansas City, he was a   novice. His first job in that area came during his first season as an N. F. L. coach  —   in 2001, when his current boss, Andy Reid, hired him as a   assistant to the   coordinator John Harbaugh in Philadelphia. Early conversations with Harbaugh, now a Super   coach in Baltimore, inculcated the magnitude of the punt. Toub, who was the Chicago Bears’   coordinator for nine seasons after leaving Philadelphia, considers the punt an offensive play, and no other offensive play registers the same consistent impact. It averages more than 40 yards. It flips field position. It determines outcomes. “My philosophy is if you punt well, cover well and play good defense, you’ll be in every game,” Toub said in an interview last week. The Chiefs, who play the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday night in the playoffs, applied that philosophy en route to going   their best record since 2003, and winning the A. F. C. West for the first time in six seasons. Toub stresses it to newcomers and stalwarts alike, in meeting rooms and on the practice field, until they, too, understand. Twice in Toub’s four seasons, according to data compiled by Football Outsiders, Kansas City has had the best average field position in the N. F. L. “It’s why the best   players are on punt,” said one of them, the rookie defensive back Eric Murray. It is also why every   period at practice begins with punting. Murray and his cohorts allowed the   yards per return. The punter, Dustin Colquitt, pooched the   kicks inside the   line. The Chiefs’ opponents have the   average field position. For good measure, the Chiefs’ punt return unit, led by the rookie speedster Tyreek Hill, produced two touchdowns and the most yards per return. What powers Kansas City’s special teams, rated by Football Outsiders as the   unit in the N. F. L. after the Eagles’ is equal parts talent, scheme and trust. It begins with the confidence Reid has in Toub, 54, his friend for more than 30 years. It enables Toub, with almost the entire roster at his disposal, to make decisions with conviction. “I wouldn’t say that other ones in the past have looked over their shoulder like, ‘Is this O. K.?’” said Colquitt, in his 12th season punting for the Chiefs. “But Andy trusts him with the whole deal  —   this is your thing, put your spin on it. He wants to see the Dave Toub side of this play. ” The Toub side manifests itself in subtleties, such as an obsessive emphasis on    blocking, but also in more audacious moments, such as the fake punt he designed (and called) to perfection in a Week 13 victory in Atlanta or what his former boss in Chicago, Lovie Smith, said would have been “one of the greatest plays of all time” had a penalty not foiled a misdirection masterpiece for a touchdown that bewildered the Green Bay Packers in 2011. “Sometimes you can hit it just right with the personnel in one place,” said Smith, who hired Toub in 2004. “But what Dave’s done is unique. He’s done it twice. Look at what his special teams do. ” It was Smith who instilled the attitude that the Bears would win because of their special teams, and with 22 touchdowns on kickoff or punt returns (and only three allowed) during Toub’s tenure, they often did. Special teams are thriving again with Kansas City because the Chiefs prioritize them during the   when they evaluate players, and during the season, when critical practice time is devoted. On Tuesdays after games,   players eagerly await a packet containing grades in multiple categories. They receive points for things like drawing penalties, tackling ball carriers and being the first player downfield on a kickoff. They are docked points for things like missing tackles, committing penalties and not hustling. Toub and his assistant, Brock Olivo, the first recipient of the college   player of the year award in 1997, also assign grades to 350 potential draft picks. They value two qualities above all: instincts and speed. “If you have that combination, you know you’ve got a guy,” Toub said. “The floor is going to be at least a good   player. ” If a prospect does not play special teams, Toub and Olivo review his offensive or defensive film and project possible roles. If two receivers or defensive backs are perceived as similar, Toub said, the   mark breaks the tie. Sometimes the next contributor is obvious from the outset, as it was with Murray, who excelled on special teams at Minnesota. Toub loved Murray’s toughness and intelligence, traits that have served him well with the Chiefs, who depend on him both to make blocks and shed them. His aptitude landed him on Pro Football Focus’s   first team. “A lot of times, we match up against people who weigh 250, 260,” said Murray, listed at 5 feet 11 and 199 pounds, “but even though we’re smaller, Dave always says to punch them in the mouth. We’re relentless. ” The constant churn at the bottom of the roster can destroy   continuity, but the Chiefs’ unit has maintained a strong core  —   Frank Zombo, Anthony Sherman and Daniel Sorenson have played the last three seasons, for instance  —   supplemented by eager young players who volunteer for assignments. Recent drafts have netted D. J. Alexander, De’Anthony Thomas, Demarcus Robinson and Hill, who has returned three kicks (two punts, one kickoff) for touchdowns. Toub called Hill the fastest player he has ever coached  —   faster even than Devin Hester, regarded as one of the best returners ever. Toub has been fortunate to be able to deploy Hill (and Hester) but he specifically tells his charges not to expect Hill to depend solely on his physical gifts. “He knows it’s not like a video game, that Tyreek’s not going to make everybody miss,” Colquitt said. “When you go back and look and see how he got to the end zone, it’s because 10 guys are dedicated to blocking for him, doing exactly what was drawn up during the week. ” Thirty years ago, those organizational skills appealed to   Paso Coach Bob Stull, who gave Toub, a     offensive lineman at the university, his first   coaching job in strength and conditioning. Unlike many of his peers in that era, Stull said, Toub maintained records of his players’ progress in major lifts, first at UTEP and then at Missouri. It was there, in 1998, where he shifted to coaching football, after the sudden death of Missouri’s defensive line coach. And it was also there, Stull said, where Toub, a gifted carpenter, built a home and started renovating others. Decades later, Toub remains a meticulous craftsman. He just found another outlet."
353,17684,It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. - The New York Times,New York Times,Javier C. Hernández,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"JIUQUAN, China  —   On the edge of the Gobi Desert, the Jiuquan Wind Power Base stands as a symbol of China’s quest to dominate the world’s renewable energy market. With more than 7, 000 turbines arranged in rows that stretch along the sandy horizon, it is one of the world’s largest wind farms, capable of generating enough electricity to power a small country. But these days, the windmills loom like scarecrows, idle and inert. The wind howls outside, but many turbines in Jiuquan, a city of vast deserts and farms in the northwest province of Gansu, have been shut off because of weak demand. Workers while away the hours calculating how much power the turbines could have generated if there were more buyers, and wondering if and when they will ever make a profit. “There’s not much we can do right now,” said Zhou Shenggang, a manager at a   energy company who oversees 134 turbines here about 60 percent of their capacity goes unused each year. “Only the state can intervene. ” China, the world’s largest emitter of greenhouse gases, has pointed to its embrace of wind and solar power and other alternatives to coal to position itself at the forefront of the global effort to combat climate change. More than 92, 000 wind turbines have been built across the country, capable of generating 145 gigawatts of electricity, nearly double the capacity of wind farms in the United States. One out of every three turbines in the world is now in China, and the government is adding them at a rate of more than one per hour. But some of its most ambitious wind projects are underused. Many are grappling with a nationwide economic slowdown that has dampened demand for electricity. Others are stymied by persistent favoritism toward the coal industry by local officials and a dearth of transmission lines to carry electricity from rural areas in the north and west to China’s   cities. That has left China unable to generate enough renewable energy to make a serious dent in air pollution and carbon emissions, despite the   building spree. Even with its unmatched arsenal of turbines, China still lags the United States. Wind power now accounts for 3. 3 percent of electricity generation in China, according to the nation’s National Energy Administration, compared with 4. 7 percent in the United States. Chinese officials have described the challenges facing the wind sector as growing pains, and they say the investments in renewable energy will pay off in the long term. The costs of wind projects are falling rapidly with advances in technology and more efficient construction, making them more competitive with plants powered by fossil fuels like coal and natural gas. And the government has vowed to continue investing heavily in renewable energy. It said this month that it intended to spend at least $360 billion through 2020 on developing renewable energy sources. Analysts said that China’s success would depend on its ability to overcome both political and practical obstacles, including resistance to renewable energy from local governments and a lack of turbines near major cities. “This is partly a political fight,” said Paolo Frankl, head of the renewable energy division at the International Energy Agency. “Still, it’s a very, very robust and solid trajectory. ” Sebastian Meyer, research and advisory director at Azure International, a   consulting firm in Beijing, said China was “leapfrogging everybody” with its investments in renewable energy but needed to push through painful policy decisions, such as allowing more flexibility in setting energy prices. “For years, they’ve been talking about   reform,” he said. “But really they need a different market approach that incentivizes more use of renewables going forward. ” The Jiuquan Wind Power Base, approved by the government in 2008, epitomized China’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. The government vowed to invest $17. 4 billion by 2020 and build a vast farm capable of generating 20 gigawatts of power, more than the combined wind capacity of several countries. But the unfinished project has been slow to take off, even as the government continues to build it out. Part of the problem is the location. Gansu is a barren, mountainous province, chosen for its strong winds and potential for growth. But it is far from the booming cities of eastern China, making transmission of electricity difficult. Gansu now has some of the highest rates of underutilization in the wind sector in China in 2015, 39 percent of wind capacity in the province was wasted, according to statistics compiled by the National Energy Administration. Mr. Frankl said inefficiency in Gansu was “astronomically high” and underscored the need for China to build more   transmission lines to carry electricity long distances, and to position new turbines closer to major metropolises. In Gansu and elsewhere, the central government has also run up against local resistance. Advocates for the wind industry contend that local officials have reduced production quotas for wind farms to give an advantage to coal companies. The coal industry, a major driver of economic growth in many provinces, wields significant influence in China. While the government has pledged to curb the spread of coal plants as part of its plan to make 20 percent of China’s energy renewable by 2030, it has continued to add them in some places. “The cake is only so big,” said Yan Jing, a Greenpeace activist in Beijing who studies climate change and energy issues. “It’s hard for new energy companies to take a slice from traditional players. ” Even if more transmission lines were constructed, Ms. Yan said, the government would have trouble persuading businesses along China’s heavily developed eastern coast to buy electricity from faraway provinces. “The authorities failed to consider the demand factor, namely, ‘How can we get closer to buyers? ’” she said. “There should be more development of clean energy in eastern parts of China so electricity can be absorbed locally. ” In introducing a new energy plan last week, officials acknowledged that the focus on building turbines far from urban centers had created imbalances. He Yongjian, an official at the National Energy Administration, said the government would now build a majority of new turbines in the east, partly to reduce the need to transmit power long distances. But building wind farms in the east might be difficult, given the preponderance of coal plants, a lack of strong winds and a scarcity of undeveloped land. The tepid demand for electricity in an economic downturn has also exacerbated the troubles for renewable energy. Demand for electricity grew by only 0. 5 percent in 2015, the slowest rate of growth since 1974, and it is expected to remain weak until consumer spending picks up. At the Jiuquan Wind Power Base, Mr. Zhou oversees a small wind farm for a branch of China Resources Power Holdings, a   energy company based in Shenzhen that operates two wind farms in Gansu. He said the wind industry’s problems had hurt morale and productivity. The branch in Jiuquan has made small cuts in salaries and benefits for its 32 employees because of its challenges in selling electricity. Other wind farms in the area have resorted to layoffs, according to interviews with workers. Outside the company’s offices, a walled compound along a desert highway, trucks carrying coal rumbled down dusty roads. Mr. Zhou, wearing a   uniform and fiddling with a pencil, surveyed the vast stretch of immobile turbines from his desk. “The only thing I can do is encourage my employees to do a good job,” he said. “I assure them that over the long term, the new energy sector is very promising. The difficulties right now are only temporary. ”"
354,17685,"Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 - The New York Times",New York Times,Daniel E. Slotnik,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"Tony Rosato, who was a cast member of the sketch shows “Saturday Night Live” and “SCTV” in the 1980s, but whose career ground to a halt when mental illness led to his incarceration in the 2000s, died on Tuesday at his home in Toronto. He was 62. His death was confirmed by his agent Ryan Goldhar, who said the cause had not been confirmed but appeared to be a heart attack. Mr. Rosato, an energetic actor and madcap impressionist, got his start with the Toronto company of the Second City improvisational troupe. In 1977 he became a performer and writer for “SCTV” (originally titled “Second City Television”) whose cast over the years would also feature Martin Short, John Candy, Catherine O’Hara and Rick Moranis. Mr. Rosato’s signature “SCTV” character was Marcello, a clumsy and frequently soused   host. In 1981, Mr. Rosato and his “SCTV” colleague Robin Duke moved to “Saturday Night Live,” joining a cast headed by Eddie Murphy and Joe Piscopo. He did not make much of an impression and left “S. N. L. ” after only one season. He later played recurring roles on the Canadian police drama “Night Heat” and did   work on cartoon shows. He worked steadily until the  . But then he began to unravel. In 2005 Mr. Rosato’s wife, Leah, left him and took their young daughter, citing his increasingly erratic behavior. He contacted the police that spring, claiming that his daughter had been abused and, later, that his family had been replaced by  . On May 5 he went to a police station to file a missing persons report about his family and was arrested and charged with criminal harassment. Mr. Rosato, who refused to acknowledge his mental illness, did not plead guilty and spent the next two years in a   facility awaiting trial. News media reports attributed the gap between Mr. Rosato’s arrest and trial to a combination of his intractability and the punitive approach of the Canadian authorities. “Tony Rosato will have spent more time in custody on a harassment charge than any other convicted prisoner in Canada has ever spent on the same charges,” his lawyer, Daniel Brodsky, told The Toronto Star before his trial finally began in 2007. A judge found Mr. Rosato guilty of criminal harassment that September. He was remanded to a psychiatric hospital, where he was found to have Capgras syndrome, a rare mental illness characterized by the delusion that loved ones have been replaced by impostors. At the hospital, he was required for the first time to take antipsychotic medication, and his delusions eventually abated. Mr. Rosato was released in 2009 and soon returned to work. He told The Toronto Star that he was thrilled to be free but that recovering from his ordeal would take time. “Four years being inside is very hard on the spirit,” he said. Antonio Rosato was born on Dec. 26, 1954, in Naples, Italy. He moved to Canada with his family when he was a boy and became a naturalized citizen in 1966. After graduating from Oakwood Collegiate Institute in Toronto, he began studying chiropractic medicine at the University of Toronto but dropped out to become a performer. Mr. Rosato’s marriage ended in divorce. He is survived by his daughter, Giulietta Rosato."
355,17686,Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26 Decapitations Are Seen - The New York Times,New York Times,Dom Phillips,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   The death toll from a riot in a penitentiary in northeastern Brazil rose on Sunday to 26 prisoners, increasing the number of prison killings in the country this year to more than 120. Decapitations and mutilations are common in Brazil’s violent, overcrowded prisons, in which 40 percent of inmates have yet to be sentenced, but the latest wave of brutality has appalled many here. The riot began around 5 p. m. on Saturday at the State Penitentiary of Alcaçuz, 13 miles from Natal, in the state of Rio Grande do Norte, and continued until around 7 a. m. on Sunday, when riot police officers took control of the prison. “The situation of the rebellion is controlled,” said Maj. Eduardo Franco of the Rio Grande do Norte police. On Sunday, the authorities initially said they had found 27 bodies, but the death toll was later revised to 26 Major Franco said there had been a mistake. Many of the bodies were mutilated. The prison has a capacity of 620 but was holding around 1, 100 prisoners when the riot began, the authorities said. All of the inmates had been sentenced, Major Franco added. Wilma Batista, the director of the prison agents’ union in Rio Grande do Norte, sent a photograph of two headless, mutilated corpses in a prison yard via a cellphone messaging service and said she had seen many others. “We are shocked,” she said. With Brazil swamped in recession, President Michel Temer’s government reeling from one graft scandal after another, and a wave of seemingly uncontrollable prison violence, many Brazilians feel they are going back to a darker recent past when crime, corruption and the economy were out of control. “We thought we had turned that page, and now it is coming back,” said Mauricio Santoro, a professor of international relations and political science at the State University of Rio de Janeiro. The killings reflected the escalation of a deadly gang war that exploded when 56 prisoners were massacred in Manaus, in Amazonas State, on Jan. 1. Four more were killed the next day in another jail in the city. The state authorities attributed the Manaus deaths to the Family of the North, an Amazon drug gang that had attacked prisoners connected to a rival gang, the São   First Capital Command, known by its Portuguese abbreviation, P. C. C. The gangs were believed to be fighting for control of lucrative drug smuggling routes. The P. C. C. was for years allied with a Rio de Janeiro drug gang called the Red Command. Last year, the alliance fell apart, leading to a spate of prison killings. On Jan. 6, after the Manaus massacre, 33 prisoners were found butchered at a prison in Boa Vista in Roraima State, in the far north of Brazil. The state authorities said the P. C. C. was behind the killings. Four more prisoners were killed in a third Manaus prison after being moved from the site of the first massacre. The riot on Saturday night began when prisoners linked to the P. C. C. rebelled during visiting hours, Ms. Batista said. They were in a separate prison, Rogério Coutinho Madruga, which is next to Alcaçuz and effectively part of the same complex. She said that just six prison agents were on duty, and that they managed to free visitors before retreating to another block. “The agents saved the visitors and had to retreat” because prisoners set the block on fire, Ms. Batista said. The escaped prisoners then attacked a block inside the Alcaçuz jail that housed men from another gang, the Rio Grande do   Crime Syndicate, Ms. Batista said. Since 2015, many of the cells inside Alcaçuz have had no bars, and prisoners wander freely 24 hours a day, Ms. Batista said. Police officers and prison guards managed to stop the killing from spreading further, but electricity to the prison was cut. The police decided to wait until dawn before entering, and they restrained desperate relatives who were trying to get inside. Lincoln Gakiya, a state prosecutor from an organized crime unit in São Paulo State who has specialized in the P. C. C. said its split with the Red Command was behind the crisis. The Rio gang has allied with five other gangs around Brazil, including the Crime Syndicate. “This war is for the hegemony of the drug trade,” Mr. Gakiya said. “The prison system is not prepared for this gang war. There is no place to separate the gangs. The system is overcrowded, so the tendency is to get worse. ” A cellphone video circulating on social media showed a man with his face covered, brandishing what looked like a machete or a sword, walking among a large number of mutilated bodies in what appeared to be a prison yard. The letters P. C. C. were scrawled in what looked like blood on a wall. Although it was impossible to verify the video, the bodies visible were wearing blue shorts similar to those worn by prisoners shown in local news reports. Grisly videos like this have circulated after all of the attacks. Sublieutenant Eliabe Marques, a police officer and the president of a Rio Grande do Norte state association of police and firefighter sublieutenants, said the dispute between the P. C. C. and the Crime Syndicate had grown worse recently. “In jail, the prisoner has to join one or other of the gangs, P. C. C. or the Crime Syndicate,” he said. “It is a phenomenon that is making the situation in Rio Grande do Norte even more serious. ” Ms. Batista said the prison agents’ union had warned of potentially explosive conditions inside the prison but had been ignored. “It is very sad, not just for the butchery, but to see organized crime face the state, the power of the state, leaving more scars on prison agents who suffer psychologically and physically from such a stressful profession,” she said."
356,17688,"Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals - The New York Times",New York Times,Brooks Barnes,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"LOS ANGELES  —   Dead. Embalmed. Buried. A year ago, that is what most movie studios would have said about   musicals, pointing to a long line of box office calamities: “Rock of Ages,” “Burlesque,” “Jersey Boys,” “Across the Universe,” “Nine. ” The few    successes in recent decades have been adaptations of Broadway classics (“Les Misérables,” 2012) or marketed in misleading ways. When 20th Century Fox was selling Baz Luhrmann’s hit “Moulin Rouge!” in 2001, the studio was so afraid that people would stay home if they knew it was a musical that the trailer rather awkwardly tried to avoid singing at all costs. But Hollywood, excited in part by the critical and commercial success of “La La Land,” which cost Lionsgate $30 million to make and has taken in $132 million worldwide as it streaks toward the Academy Awards, is taking out its jazz hands again. There are roughly 20 musicals in the works at studios, according to the film database IMDBpro. Some are   adaptations of classic animated musicals, like “Beauty and the Beast,” directed by Bill Condon and set for release by Disney in March. Others are films (among them, “Wicked”) based on contemporary Broadway hits. Moreover, several studios  —   for the first time since the 1990s  —   are devoting meaningful resources to    films with original music. This year, Fox will release “The Greatest Showman,” which stars Hugh Jackman as the circus impresario P. T. Barnum it has a dozen original songs. Disney has “Bob the Musical,” about a man whose life becomes filled with song after a head injury. Universal Pictures won a bidding war for an untitled musical comedy starring Josh Gad, with original songs by the   Alan Menken and Stephen Schwartz. There are several reasons for renewed studio interest, said Marc Platt, a “La La Land” producer whose other projects include an original    film that will star Will Ferrell and Kristen Wiig and a sequel to “Mary Poppins” with a new score. “Thankfully, as much as Hollywood is interested in brands, I think people are still looking for originality and freshness,” Mr. Platt said. “Musicals can also be their own brand: They have an event status. I also think the ceiling on the audience is lifting. You’ve got a new generation of fans who have grown up with television shows like ‘Glee. ’” Mr. Platt added, “Music has a way of getting inside all of us and lifting us up. ” Put another way, there is an inherent entertainment proposition in musicals, a heightened emotional experience that people go to the movies to find. Mr. Platt, a former senior executive at Universal (and the father of Ben Platt, star of the hit stage production “Dear Evan Hansen”) has in many ways become Hollywood’s   producer of movie musicals. In 2014, he shepherded Disney’s adaptation of the Stephen Sondheim musical “Into the Woods,” which took in $213 million worldwide. As a major force behind “Wicked” on Broadway, Mr. Platt is working with Stephen Daldry (who directed the film version of “Billy Elliot”) to bring a movie version to theaters in 2019. “Yes, still on track,” Mr. Platt said of that   project. Nothing fuels a Hollywood boom (or a boomlet, as the case may be with musicals) like a track record of success. And some studio executives said that they were becoming more open to musicals because the animated variety had experienced such a renaissance. “Frozen” was a monster hit, selling $1. 3 billion in tickets worldwide. Over the past few months, three animated musicals  —   “Sing,” “Moana” and “Trolls”  —   have taken in a combined $1 billion at the global box office. Disney will release a singalong version of “Moana” (with lyrics on the screen, karaoke style) on Jan. 27. Some studios have also had recent success with   including films like “Pitch Perfect” that rely on pop hits and mostly keep the singing to stage settings. Television may also be giving film executives confidence specials like “The Wiz Live!” and “Grease: Live” have reintroduced    entertainment to a mass audience. Still, not everyone in Hollywood is convinced of a musical comeback. Kevin Goetz, chief executive of the film research company Screen   said in an email that he had no research indicating increased demand. “I think it’s a long shot to think that animated movies with music, which have been around for years now, have a material effect in increasing the desire to see   musicals,” he added. If “La La Land” is an exception to the box office rules, it is becoming quite an exception. On social media sites like Instagram and Facebook, young people  —   no prompting from Lionsgate, it promises  —   have been uploading videos of themselves singing “Audition,” one of the film’s showcase numbers. During the past week, the soundtrack has shot up the sales charts. “La La Land,” starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling as aspiring performers, won a record seven Golden Globe Awards on Jan. 8, including one for Damien Chazelle’s directing and one for Justin Hurwitz’s score. Powered by that publicity pop, the film took in about $14. 5 million over the weekend (its sixth in release) in North America. The producers of “La La Land” also include Jordan Horowitz and Fred Berger. The weekend’s No. 1 film was the   drama “Hidden Figures,” which collected a strong $20 million. Produced by Chernin Entertainment and Levantine Films and released by Fox, “Hidden Figures” has a domestic total after four weeks of about $54. 8 million."
357,17689,Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era - The New York Times,New York Times,Adam Kirsch,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"American novelists have long complained about the ability of real life to outstrip fiction. In his landmark 1961 essay “Writing American Fiction,” Philip Roth observed that “actuality is continually outdoing our talents, and the culture tosses up figures almost daily that are the envy of any novelist. ” The figure Roth cites is Charles Van Doren, of   scandal fame but place Mr. Van Doren next to Donald J. Trump, and you can measure the change in the nature of credibility over the past  . Mr. Van Doren was disgraced when it was revealed that he had been given the answers to the questions on the game show “” a contest that television viewers believed was real, not staged. Today an entire flourishing genre of television goes by the name “reality,” yet no one who watches it thinks it is genuinely real  —   that is, unplanned and unedited. Artificiality is what makes reality television enjoyable, even though these same shows, if advertised as fiction, would appear banal, repetitive and undramatic. Reality is the ingredient that turns a bad fiction into an enthralling one. This dynamic is part of the novel’s origins. The earliest English novels, from “Moll Flanders” (1722) to “Clarissa” (1748) were published anonymously, with titles that implied they were true stories. It took generations to establish the conventions of fiction sufficiently to allow readers to take pleasure in novels that were explicitly untrue. The suspension of disbelief that fiction involves is a late stage in the evolution of taste, and it may prove to have been a temporary one. The rise of the memoir over the past few decades doesn’t mean that readers are ready to abandon the techniques of fiction but, like readers three centuries ago, they want the freedom of fiction along with consequentiality of fact. The author David Shields diagnosed this desire in his 2010 manifesto “Reality Hunger”: “I find it very nearly impossible to read a contemporary novel that presents itself    as a novel. ” Many fiction writers share this intuition, though they respond to it in different ways. One way is to make the novel   by turning its imitation of reality into an exaggeration, a   mirror. Has our reality since   felt apocalyptic? Then imagine Manhattan being destroyed by zombies (Colson Whitehead’s “Zone One”) or a flood (Nathaniel Rich’s “Odds Against Tomorrow”) or civil war and foreign bankers (Gary Shteyngart’s “Super Sad True Love Story”). Because we know such things “could never happen,” they mark the story as fiction because we know similar things have happened and will happen, they become truthful fictions. An alternative approach is to make fiction as close to fact as possible, by reducing its scope to the one subject on which each writer is an unchallengeable authority: himself or herself. Ben Lerner’s “10:04,” Tao Lin’s “Taipei” and Sheila Heti’s “How Should a Person Be?” all seek to convince us that we are reading about the writer’s actual life. These writers are engaged in a sophisticated project, in which the line between truth and fiction becomes harder and harder to make out. But this game has a    : Label a book “fiction,” and all is forgiven. A fiction can never be accused of being a lie. The problem is that, more and more, people seem to want to be lied to. This is the flip side of “reality hunger,” since a lie, like a fake memoir, is a fiction that does not admit its fictionality. That is why the lie is so seductive: It allows the liar and his audience to cooperate in changing the nature of reality itself, in a way that can appear almost magical. “Magical thinking” is used as an insult, but it is perhaps the most primal kind of thinking there is. The problem for modern people is that we can no longer perform this magic naively, with an undoubting faith in the reality of our inventions. We lie to ourselves now with a bad conscience. When the memoir is exposed as not having “really” happened, we want our money back. Fiction was one solution to this quandary, allowing us to suspend disbelief in the way that Coleridge said was essential for literature. But the postmodern solution is even more powerful: It is the simple shamelessness that allows us to recognize a lie as a lie but still treat it as if it were a reality. Reality shows are a trivial example of this technique, but when it comes to politics the same process can have deadly results. “The Protocols of the Elders of Zion” was published, like “Moll Flanders,” with no name on the title page it, too, claimed to be a true account of real events  —   in this case, a meeting at which Jews plotted to take over the world and destroy civilization. Perhaps some of its readers, when it first appeared around 1903 and even today, sincerely believed that this was a real document. But the “Protocols” is even more powerful when endorsed by people who know it is false, because such an act turns fact itself into an irrelevance. People who can turn a lie into a truth have the power to shape reality they are poets of the real. And the audience that gives them its willing suspension of disbelief is a   in this uncanny transformation, just as novel readers conspire in their enchantment. The bond between demagogues and their audience is cemented by their exhilarating consciousness of shared culpability. The problem with our “ ” politics is that a large share of the population has moved beyond true and false. They thrill precisely to the falsehood of a statement, because it shows that the speaker has the power to reshape reality in line with their own fantasies of   beleaguerment. To call novelists liars is naïve, because it mistakes their intention they never wanted to be believed in the first place. The same is true of demagogues. From its beginning, the novel has tested the distinction between truth, fiction and lie now the collapse of those distinctions has given us the age of Trump. We are entering a period in which the very idea of literature may come to seem a luxury, a distraction from political struggle. But the opposite is true: No matter how irrelevant hardheaded people may believe it to be, literature continually proves itself a sensitive instrument, a leading indicator of changes that will manifest themselves in society and culture. Today as always, the imagination is our best guide to what reality has in store."
358,17690,"As Inauguration Nears, Trump Keeps World Leaders on Edge - The New York Times",New York Times,Rogene Jacquette,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"He called NATO obsolete. He said Germany’s acceptance of refugees is “utterly catastrophic. ” The   One China policy embraced by the United States? That’s up for discussion. Just days before Donald J. Trump’s inauguration, world leaders on three continents are on edge after comments the   made in an interview on Friday with The Wall Street Journal and in a weekend interview with two European newspapers, Bild and The Times of London. “It’s obsolete, first because it was designed many, many years ago,” Mr. Trump said, according to the German newspaper Bild. The   alliance, born in 1949, three years after Mr. Trump, is viewed by many  —   including his nominee for defense secretary, Gen. James N. Mattis  —   as essential to American security. “Secondly, countries aren’t paying what they should” and NATO “didn’t deal with terrorism. ” Responding on Monday to Mr. Trump’s comments, Dalia Grybauskaite, the president of Lithuania, which gained its independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 and joined NATO in 2004, urged Mr. Trump to continue meeting the United States’ financial obligations toward the alliance. Mr. Trump also criticized the European Union, describing it as “basically a vehicle for Germany. ” He praised Britain for its vote to leave the bloc, known as Brexit, adding: “I believe others will leave. I do think keeping it together is not going to be as easy as a lot of people think. ” French leaders also bristled at Mr. Trump’s swipe against the bloc. Their response comes as they deal with growing domestic support for the   Union and   party National Front, led by Marine Le Pen, who was spotted on Thursday at Trump Tower in New York. “The best response,” said the French foreign minister,   Ayrault, “is European unity. ” In the interview with The Journal, Mr. Trump said the One China policy was up for negotiation. Beijing responded quickly and decisively. Its Foreign Ministry called the policy, which recognizes Beijing as the sole Chinese government, the foundation of   States ties, and it said it was nonnegotiable. People’s Daily, the mouthpiece of the governing Communist Party, said Mr. Trump “has been stunningly confident in his ostensible knowledge of the job, though he speaks like a rookie. ” An unusually strongly worded editorial in the   China Daily said on Monday that Mr. Trump was “playing with fire with his Taiwan game. ” “If Trump is determined to use this gambit on taking office, a period of fierce, damaging interactions will be unavoidable, as Beijing will have no choice but to take off the gloves,” the newspaper said. A spokeswoman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs warned Mr. Trump on Monday that any effort to undermine the policy could backfire. Mr. Trump also took aim at German automakers, warning of a 35 percent tariff on any cars they build in Mexico and export to the United States. Shares of BMW, Volkswagen and Daimler fell on Monday after his comments, but BMW said the company would stick to its plans to open a plant in Mexico in 2019. “It’s very clear that we have to be prepared to immediately be able to neutralize the impact of a measure of that nature,” Ildefonso Guajardo Villarreal, Mexico’s economy minister, said on Friday on a Mexican news show. “It would be a problem for the entire world,” Mr. Guajardo Villarreal warned. Such a tariff “will have a wave of impacts that can take us into a global recession,” he said. Not surprisingly, Russian diplomats were unperturbed by Mr. Trump’s comments on NATO. They welcomed the “obsolete” label and were enthusiastic at his suggestion that he would consider reducing sanctions against Russia if the country agreed to reduce its nuclear arsenal. Dmitri S. Peskov, a spokesman for President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, said on Monday that “NATO is indeed a vestige,” according to Radio Free Europe. “Let’s wait until he assumes office before we give assessment to any initiatives,” he said."
359,17691,‘Kompromat’ and the Danger of Doubt and Confusion in a Democracy - The New York Times,New York Times,Amanda Taub,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Since the emergence of an unverified dossier with salacious claims about   Donald J. Trump, Americans have debated the ramifications of the arrival of “kompromat” as a feature of American politics. But those debates  —   for example, over the ethics of publishing the dossier  —   have often framed this practice as little more than a political form of blackmail, and one particular to Russia. In fact, kompromat is more than an individual piece of damaging information: It is a broader attempt to manufacture public cynicism and confusion in ways that target not just one individual but an entire society. And although this practice tends to be associated with Russia  —   the word kompromat is a portmanteau of the Russian words for “compromising” and “information”  —   it is a common feature of authoritarian and semiauthoritarian nations around the world. Specific leaks may take aim at powerful individuals, but in the longer term, kompromat serves the interests of the powerful, which is why it is often a tool of autocrats. By eroding the very idea of a shared reality, and by spreading apathy and confusion among a public that learns to distrust leaders and institutions alike, kompromat undermines a society’s ability to hold the powerful to account and ensure the proper functioning of government. When Katy E. Pearce, a professor of communications at the University of Washington in Seattle, began studying access to technology in Azerbaijan, she expected to focus her research on how it could be a positive tool for promoting political freedom. But she changed her tack after encountering widespread fear of the ways that the government could use technology as a tool of repression. “When I was interviewing people, it kept on coming up and coming up,” she said. Kompromat is “a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power, and to harass people in a very visible way,” she added. That was a danger and a deterrent for the young activists she spoke to. But individual targets of kompromat are not its only victims, Professor Pearce said. It also harms society by diminishing public trust. Thomas Rid, a professor of security studies at King’s College London, wrote on Twitter that disinformation campaigns have “often deliberately blended accurate and forged details” to sow distrust and confusion. If the news media and public figures publicize lies, they lose their credibility as trustworthy sources of information. “There’s no reliable truth to rest upon,” Professor Pearce said. “Every piece of information you get is ‘possibly true, possibly false. ’” Degrading that trust can be deeply damaging. While in Russia in 2015, I was struck by how many of the people I met saw the world through a lens that I began to call the “prudent hypothetical. ” They reacted to all information, whether from official sources or thirdhand rumors, as if it might be true. I came to realize that it was a   impulse, a way to prepare for any potential outcome in an unpredictable, unreliable world. But they were also careful not to rely on that information, lest it turn out to be a fabrication. They trusted only the facts they had verified themselves, and only the people to whom they had close personal ties. I had seen the same thing in Guatemala several years earlier. There, spreading lies and salacious gossip to discredit one’s enemies is referred to as a “campaña negra,” or a black campaign, rather than kompromat. But the result was the same: Public trust had been so eroded that lies were equally capable of destroying the honest and rehabilitating the criminal. When it appeared that Yasmín Barrios, the judge presiding over the trial of Gen. Efraín Ríos Montt, Guatemala’s former dictator, might convict him of genocide and crimes against humanity in 2013, a campaign of coordinated leaks and rumors portrayed her as a corrupt agent of foreign governments, willing to discredit her country in exchange for personal gain. Leaks and rumors attacked Judge Barrios personally, but by extension, they also undermined the credibility of the justice system in which she worked. For example, the news media reported that the judge had been seen dining with “foreign women” at a restaurant in Guatemala City, and suggested that this was evidence of foreign influence on her rulings. In fact, the “foreigners” were Judge Barrios’s Guatemalan mother, her neighbor, and a nun who was a friend of the family. But the rumors had their desired effect: They discredited not only Judge Barrios but also the genocide trial. The Guatemalans I met knew that the stories they heard through the news media might be part of disinformation campaigns. But lacking better options, many still saw the world through the lens of the prudent hypothetical, viewing everything as possible and nothing as certain. When General Ríos Montt was eventually convicted, many saw him as a victim of foreign machinations rather than a perpetrator of genocide and crimes against humanity. (His conviction was later vacated on procedural grounds.) Professor Pearce said she saw parallels between the use of kompromat overseas and recent news in the United States. Although the Trump dossier purported to be a warning about kompromat elsewhere, she said, it could also be seen as a form of kompromat itself. She listed the parallels to what she had seen in her research: Its content is damaging but unverified. Its distribution was multilayered, with a website  —   in this case, BuzzFeed  —   publishing the unverified material and other outlets amplifying its impact by reporting on the ensuing controversy. The document also fostered uncertainty and division. Masha Gessen, a Russian journalist, wrote in a recent opinion column in The New York Times that the release of the dossier had allowed Mr. Trump to say that “there was no such thing as truth, only a battle of opinions proffered by different actors, each of whom strives to be loudest. ” For some Americans, the dossier sowed concern about Mr. Trump’s vulnerability to Russian influence. Others saw its publication as evidence that Mr. Trump was the victim of a disinformation campaign. That may ultimately be to Mr. Trump’s benefit if   allegations against him arise in the future. Americans were similarly divided in their views on the hacking of the Democratic National Committee’s computer system. When Russian hackers leaked emails stolen from the committee, some saw it as evidence that Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, was a victim of foreign machinations, while others viewed the documents’ content as confirmation that Mrs. Clinton was unreliable and dishonest. The leaks distracted from more substantive campaign issues and fueled public distrust and rancor. Many people in the United States traditionally see the leak of confidential documents by   like Daniel Ellsberg’s release of the Pentagon Papers, as a way to hold the powerful to account. We tend to believe that transparency serves the public good, and secrecy the interests of the powerful. Such a belief presumes that there is a fixed quantity of hidden information out there that the news media is or is not revealing. But in a kompromat society, incriminating material, real and fake, will be manufactured as needed to serve a political purpose. To smear a president, undermine a judge or sow distrust in an institution or process, all someone needs to do is create a set of documents salacious enough to attract discussion, persuade some corner of the web to publish them and then wait for the resulting controversy to be reported as news. That does not hold the powerful to account. And worse, it undermines the institutions that are supposed to do so. In the United States, Professor Pearce said, “grabbing on and holding to the truth is becoming more challenging. ” If kompromat becomes a more widespread tactic, public trust will erode even further. “A lot of the things that are good about the U. S. are because we have this kind of   scaffolding,” she said. “I don’t want to live in an environment where I’m having to really be skeptical of everything, like people in authoritarian regimes have to be. ” “Living like that is horrible,” she said. “It is exhausting. ”"
360,17692,"For Trump, Three Decades of Chasing Deals in Russia - The New York Times",New York Times,Megan Twohey and Steve Eder,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"It was 2005, and Felix Sater, a Russian immigrant, was back in Moscow pursuing an ambitious plan to build a Trump tower on the site of an old pencil factory along the Moscow River that would offer hotel rooms, condominiums and commercial office space. Letters of intent had been signed and square footage was being analyzed. “There was an opportunity to explore building Trump towers internationally,” said Mr. Sater, who worked for a New   development company that was a partner with Donald J. Trump on a variety of deals during that decade. “And Russia was one of those countries. ” The  ’s favorable comments about President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and the conclusion of United States intelligence officials that Moscow acted to help Mr. Trump’s campaign have focused attention on Mr. Trump’s business interests in Russia. Asked about the issue at his news conference last week, Mr. Trump was emphatic on one point: “I have no dealings with Russia. ” And he repeated, “I have no deals that could happen in Russia because we’ve stayed away. ” The project on the old pencil factory site ultimately fizzled. And by the time Mr. Trump entered the presidential race, he had failed to get any real estate development off the ground in Russia. But it was not for lack of trying. Mr. Trump repeatedly sought business in Russia as far back as 1987, when he traveled there to explore building a hotel. He applied for his trademark in the country as early as 1996. And his children and associates have appeared in Moscow over and over in search of joint ventures, meeting with developers and government officials. During a trip in 2006, Mr. Sater and two of Mr. Trump’s children, Donald Jr. and Ivanka, stayed at the historic Hotel National Moscow opposite the Kremlin, connecting with potential partners over the course of several days. As recently as 2013, Mr. Trump himself was in Moscow. He had sold Russian real estate developers the right to host his Miss Universe pageant that year, and he used the visit as a chance to discuss development deals, writing on Twitter at the time: “TRUMP   is next. ” As the Russian market opened up in the   era, Mr. Trump and his partners pursued Russians who were newly flush with cash to buy apartments in Trump Towers in New York and Florida, sales that he boasted about in a 2014 interview. “I know the Russians better than anybody,” Mr. Trump told Michael D’Antonio, a Trump biographer who shared unpublished interview transcripts with The New York Times. Seeking deals in Russia became part of a broader strategy to expand the Trump brand worldwide. By the   Mr. Trump was transitioning to mostly licensing his name to hotel, condominium and commercial towers rather than building or investing in real estate himself. He discovered that his name was especially attractive in developing countries where the rising rich aspired to the type of ritzy glamour he personified. While he nailed down ventures in the Philippines, India and elsewhere, closing deals in Russia proved challenging. In 2008, Donald Trump Jr. praised the opportunities in Russia, but also called it a “scary place” to do business because of corruption and legal complications. Mr. Sater said that American hotel chains that had moved into Russia did so with straightforward agreements to manage hotels that other partners owned. Mr. Trump, by contrast, was pursuing developments that included residential or commercial offerings in which he would take a cut of sales, terms that Russians were reluctant to embrace. Even so, Mr. Trump said his efforts put him in contact with powerful people there. “I called it my weekend in Moscow,” Mr. Trump said of his 2013 trip to Moscow during a September 2015 interview on “The Hugh Hewitt Show. ” He added: “I was with the   people, both oligarchs and generals, and top of the government people. I can’t go further than that, but I will tell you that I met the top people, and the relationship was extraordinary. ” When asked about Mr. Trump’s claim that he had “stayed away” from Russia, Alan Garten, general counsel for the Trump Organization, said it was a fair characterization given that none of the development opportunities ever materialized. Mr. Trump’s interest in Russia, he said, was no different from his attraction to other emerging markets in which he investigated possible ventures. Mr. Garten did not respond to questions about whom Mr. Trump met with in Moscow in 2013 and what was discussed. Ted Liebman, an architect based in New York, got the call in 1996. Mr. Trump and   an American tobacco company that owned property in Moscow, wanted to build a   residential development near an old Russian Olympic stadium. As they prepared to meet with officials in Moscow, they needed sketches of the Trump tower they envisioned. The architect scrambled to meet the request, handing over plans to Mr. Trump at his Manhattan office. “I hope we can do this,” Mr. Liebman recalled Mr. Trump telling him. Soon after, Mr. Trump was in Russia, promoting the proposal and singing the praises of the Russian market. “I’ve seen cities all over the world. Some I’ve liked, some I haven’t,” Mr. Trump said at a news conference in Moscow in 1996, according to The Moscow Times. But he added that he didn’t think he had ever been “as impressed with the potential of a city as I have been with Moscow. ” Mr. Trump had been eyeing the potential for nearly a decade, expressing interest to government officials ranging from the Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev (they first met in Washington in 1987) to the military figure Alexander Lebed. The 1996 project never materialized, but by then Mr. Trump was already well known in Russia. Moscow was in the midst of a construction boom, which transformed the capital from a drab,   expanse into a sparkly modern city. Yuri M. Luzhkov, Moscow’s mayor at the time, said in an interview that he had met with Mr. Trump and showed him plans for a massive underground shopping mall just outside the Kremlin gates. Mr. Trump suggested connecting it to the Metro, “a very important observation,” Mr. Luzhkov said. Today, visitors to the Okhotny Ryad shopping center can go straight from the Metro to the Calvin Klein store without venturing into the cold. In the following years, Mr. Trump’s pursuit of Russia was strengthened by a growing circle of partners and associates in Canada and the United States who had roots in the region. Among them were Tevfik Arif, a former   commerce official originally from Kazakhstan who founded a development company called the Bayrock Group, and Mr. Sater, a partner in the firm, who had moved to New York from Russia as a child. Bayrock was in Trump Tower, two floors below the Trump Organization. While working to take   towers to Arizona, Florida and New York’s SoHo neighborhood, Bayrock also began scouting for deals in Russia and other countries. “We looked at some very, very large properties in Russia,” Mr. Sater said. “Think of a large Vegas  . ” When Mr. Sater traveled to Moscow with Ivanka and Donald Trump Jr. to meet with developers in 2006, he said their attitude could be summarized as “nice, big city, great. Let’s do a deal here. ” Mr. Trump continued to work with Mr. Sater even after his role in a huge stock manipulation scheme involving Mafia figures and Russian criminals was revealed Mr. Sater pleaded guilty and served as a government informant. In 2007, Mr. Trump discussed a deal for a Trump International Hotel and Tower in Moscow that Bayrock had lined up with Russian investors. “It would be a nonexclusive deal, so it would not have precluded me from doing other deals in Moscow, which was very important to me,” Mr. Trump said in a deposition in an unsuccessful libel suit he brought against Tim O’Brien, a journalist. He claimed the development had fallen apart after Mr. O’Brien wrote a book saying that Mr. Trump was worth far less than he claimed. But Mr. Trump said he was close to striking another real estate deal in Moscow. “We’re going to do one fairly soon,” he said. Moscow, he insisted “will be one of the cities where we will be. ” The Trump brand did appear in Russia, but not quite as the grand edifice the real estate mogul had envisioned. Trump Super Premium Vodka, with the shine of bottles glazed with   gold, was presented at the Millionaire’s Fair in Moscow in 2007, and large orders for the spirits followed. The vodka was sold in Russia as late as 2009, but eventually fizzled out. In a news release, Mr. Trump heralded it as a “tremendous achievement. ” He tried  —   and failed  —   to start a reality show in St. Petersburg in 2008 starring a Russian mixed martial arts fighter. But real estate developments remained a constant goal. From 2006 to 2008, his company applied for several trademarks in Russia, including Trump, Trump Tower, Trump International Hotel and Tower, and Trump Home, according to a record search by Sojuzpatent, a Russian intellectual property firm. Donald Trump Jr. became a regular presence in Russia. Speaking at a 2008 Manhattan real estate conference, he confessed to fears of doing business in Russia, saying there is “an issue of ‘Will I ever see my money back out of that deal or can I actually trust the person I am doing the deal with? ’” according to coverage of his remarks in eTurboNews. But he told the Manhattan audience that “I really prefer Moscow over all cities in the world” and that he had visited Russia a   times in 18 months. In 2011, he was still at it. “Heading to the airport to go to Moscow for business,” he tweeted that year. Mr. Trump himself was back in Moscow in 2013, attending the Miss Universe pageant, which he owned with NBC. Earlier that year, at the Miss USA pageant in Las Vegas, he had announced that Aras and Emin Agalarov, father and son real estate developers in Russia, would host the worldwide competition. Erin Brady, that year’s Miss USA winner, who watched the announcement from backstage of the auditorium at Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino, said the news was a surprise. She was expecting one of the Latin American countries where beauty pageants are widely celebrated. “I was like, ‘Wow, Russia, I never thought of that,’” she said. Phil Ruffin, Mr. Trump’s partner in the Trump International Hotel and Tower in Las Vegas, said he was happy to lend him his new Global 5000 private plane for the trip. He and his wife met Mr. Trump in Moscow, also checking into the  . Mr. Ruffin said he and Mr. Trump had lunch at the hotel with the Agalarovs. The Agalarovs also reportedly hosted a dinner for Mr. Trump the night of the pageant, along with Herman Gref, a former Russian economy minister who serves as chief executive of the   Sberbank PJSC, according to Bloomberg News. Talk of development deals swirled around the visit, and Mr. Trump sent out his tweet, promising that Trump Tower Moscow was coming. But the tower never appeared on the skyline."
361,17693,"With Blacks Alarmed by His Tone, Trump Meets With Martin Luther King III - The New York Times",New York Times,Julie Hirschfeld Davis,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   With tensions escalating between   Donald J. Trump and prominent black leaders, Mr. Trump met privately on Monday with the eldest son of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on the holiday devoted to the civil rights hero. The hastily arranged meeting at Trump Tower occurred as Mr. Trump feuded publicly with  Representative John Lewis, Democrat of Georgia, who fought for civil rights alongside Dr. King. It has highlighted the challenges Mr. Trump faces as he prepares to take office on Friday deeply distrusted by minorities across the country, many of whom have been offended by his false allegations that President Obama was born outside the United States, appalled that his candidacy drew backing from white supremacist organizations, and dismayed at policy proposals they consider antithetical to their interests. Mr. Trump on Monday did not address those issues, appearing in the lobby to allow news cameras to capture pictures of him shaking hands with Martin Luther King III, but ignoring questions shouted by reporters about their conversation or his statements about Mr. Lewis. Tentative plans for Mr. Trump to visit the Smithsonian Museum of   History and Culture in Washington, as the nation paused to remember Dr. King, had been shelved in favor of the   session, which lasted just under one hour. But Mr. Trump made sure that journalists had an opportunity to see him with Mr. King, a visual manifestation of his stated aspiration to unite a divided nation. Mr. King said the session, which included a discussion about voting rights, had been “constructive,” and described Mr. Trump as eager to present himself as inclusive. “He said that he is going to represent Americans  —   he’s said that over and over again,” Mr. King, the president of the Drum Major Institute, a progressive New   public policy organization, told reporters. “We will continue to evaluate that. ” On Monday, Mr. King sought to defuse the furor surrounding Mr. Trump’s remarks about Mr. Lewis, saying, “In the heat of emotion, a lot of things get said on both sides. ” Mr. King has pressed for the creation of a free photographic government identification card to make it easier for Americans who do not have driver’s licenses, including many black voters, to cast ballots, and he indicated on Monday that Mr. Trump had taken an interest in the plan. “It is very clear that the system is not working at its maximum,” Mr. King told reporters. “We believe we provided a solution. ” But other leaders said Mr. Trump’s relationship with    —   tense bordering on toxic after a strident campaign that instilled fear, and a transition that has done little to allay their concerns  —   would not improve unless the   altered both his tone and his policy positions. “There’s a lot of anxiety, there’s a lot of distrust, there are people who have expressed to me that they’re scared of what his policies might entail,” said Marc Morial, the president of the National Urban League. Mr. Trump won election with 8 percent of the   vote, according to exit polls. A Pew Research Center poll in November found roughly   of African Americans believed race relations would worsen during his presidency. The Rev. Al Sharpton said nothing underscored Mr. Trump’s challenge more vividly than his outburst in a pair of Twitter postings on Saturday that called Mr. Lewis, who was brutally beaten in the “Bloody Sunday” march in 1965 in Selma, Ala. “all talk,” and said that instead of “falsely complaining” about the election results, he should focus on fixing his “falling apart” and “crime infested” Georgia district. Mr. Lewis actually represents a district that includes part of the wealthy enclave of Buckhead the world’s busiest airport,   the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Georgia Institute of Technology. Mr. Trump’s remarks were a reaction to an interview on Friday in which Mr. Lewis said he would not attend the inauguration and did not see Mr. Trump as a legitimate president because of questions about whether Russian hacking had affected the American election. “If you can disrespect John Lewis on Martin Luther King Day, then what are you saying about the rest of us?” Mr. Sharpton said, adding that no single meeting Mr. Trump could hold would alleviate the concerns felt in the   community. “He seems to have a   very negative view of what black America looks like, and that is frightening to many black Americans. ” Mr. Sharpton said he was concerned that Mr. Trump was more interested in public appearances than substantive meetings with   activists and lawmakers to address issues of voting rights, criminal justice and policing reform, health care and economic inequality. “He still thinks that we’re playing television red carpet here, rather than dealing with the presidency of the United States, with something of real substance. This is not a ” Rev. Sharpton said. Sean Spicer, Mr. Trump’s press secretary and communications director, announced the meeting in New York between Mr. Trump and Mr. King in a morning posting on Twitter. In a series of television interviews on Monday, Mr. Spicer said Mr. Lewis had started the fight with his “disappointing” assertion that Mr. Trump was not a legitimate president, and he defended the  ’s decision to respond, telling CBS that the   is “not going to sit back and just take attacks without responding. ” Still, Mr. Trump himself had seemed to temper his attack on Mr. Lewis subtly by Saturday night he said that the congressman should help him focus on “burning and crime infested  ” throughout the United States and added, “I can use all the help I can get!” Outside the   history museum in Washington on Monday, some visitors argued that the episode said more about the  ’s thin skin than his views on race. “Somebody said something bad and he’s got to say something back,” said Nancy Alston of Columbia, Md. “He said bad stuff about Meryl Streep, too. ” Ginelle Johnson, 35, of San Diego, said that she believed Mr. Trump’s comments were motivated by how he views minorities. But she also said that they appeared to show his proclivity to hit back at whoever criticizes him. “Politics has become entertainment and I think Trump is just a bully,” Ms. Johnson said. Mr. Trump’s brief sighting on Monday afternoon at Trump Tower was a striking contrast to President Obama, who spent part of Monday  —   his final observance of Martin Luther King’s Birthday in office  —   making a stop at a homeless shelter in Washington. Earlier, his wife, Michelle Obama, had spoken out subtly in her own Twitter post, saying she was, “Thinking of Dr. King and great leaders like @repjohnlewis who carry on his legacy. ” “May their example be our call to action,” she wrote."
362,17694,Celebration of Martin Luther King Jr. Still Faces Pushback - The New York Times,New York Times,Liam Stack,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"Today is Martin Luther King’s Birthday, the federal holiday that honors the assassinated civil rights leader. Well, not everywhere. All 50 states celebrate the public holiday on the third Monday in January, but not all states, cities and towns dedicate it solely to the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Some package it as a broader celebration of both Dr. King and Confederate leaders.    naming differences are remnants of fierce opposition to a holiday that was not officially recognized by all states until 1999. Here is a brief history of how Martin Luther King Jr. Day came to be. How Did Martin Luther King Jr. Day Become a Holiday? A federal holiday honoring Dr. King was first proposed four days after he was assassinated, in 1968, but it took almost two decades of campaigning for it to be approved and designated at the national level. In the meantime, according to the King Center, a few Northern states approved the holiday from 1973 to 1975: Illinois, Massachusetts, Connecticut and, by court order, New Jersey. But   momentum slowed and Congress did not act. Advocates led by Dr. King’s widow, Coretta Scott King, spent years lobbying for the holiday, testifying before Congress and gathering millions of signatures on petitions. President Jimmy Carter expressed support for the federal holiday in 1979. The singer Stevie Wonder became a prominent supporter, too, financing a Washington lobbying office and releasing a hit 1980 song in support, “Happy Birthday. ” The campaign finally succeeded in 1983, when Congress passed the King Holiday Bill and President Ronald Reagan signed it into law. The third Monday in January would be celebrated as Martin Luther King Jr. Day starting in 1986. Who Opposed It? Proposals to honor Dr. King met strong resistance in Congress, and when the holiday was enacted, many states were slow to acknowledge it. New Hampshire became the last state to officially recognize the holiday in 1999 after years of acrimonious debate. When the proposal to create the holiday was debated in Congress in 1979, Republicans led the charge against it. The strongest opposition came from lawmakers in the Deep South, such as Senator Jesse Helms, Republican of North Carolina, and Senator Strom Thurmond, Republican of South Carolina, who ran for president in 1948 on a segregationist platform. Opponents argued that giving federal employees a new paid vacation day would be too expensive and that it was inappropriate to bestow such an honor upon Dr. King because he had never held elected office, according to an essay by Donald R. Wolfensberger, a congressional scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars. When the measure failed in 1979, Representative Cardiss Collins, Democrat of Illinois and leader of the Congressional Black Caucus at the time, said she believed that racism had played a role. But by 1983, many Republicans in Congress had changed their minds. The King Holiday Bill passed the House and the Senate with bipartisan support and was signed by a Republican president. But not everyone came around to the idea. Mr. Helms had filibustered the bill and denounced Dr. King on the floor of the Senate as someone who advocated “  Marxism” and other “radical political” views. Where Does the Holiday Stand Today? Although Martin Luther King Jr. Day is commemorated by the federal government and, in some form, by all 50 states, some, like Arizona and Idaho, combine commemorations of Dr. King’s birthday with a holiday to honor civil rights. A release by Nueces County, Tex. referred to the day as a “County Civil Rights Holiday. ” Biloxi, Miss. drew backlash on Twitter last week after the city’s official Twitter account posted an alert to residents about municipal closings on the holiday, calling it “Great Americans Day. ” The tweet was later deleted. The controversy prompted a special City Council meeting to consider making the city’s holiday name match that of the federal holiday honoring Dr. King. On Monday morning, the council voted   to do so (with one member absent) according to video footage from a local ABC station, WLOX. And then there are a few states in the Deep South  —   Arkansas, Alabama and Mississippi  —   that combine celebrations of the civil rights icon and that of Robert E. Lee, the Confederate general. (Lexington, Va. even honors Lee and another Confederate general, Stonewall Jackson, with a parade and celebration during the weekend leading up to Dr. King’s birthday.) Critics have decried those arrangements as an unholy merger that commemorate both freedom and slavery  —   a combination that is nonsensical at best and inflammatory at worst. Arkansas lawmakers have tried in recent years to separate the two holidays, but the measures have been opposed from constituents who call the effort an affront to Southern heritage or by lawmakers who say they have better things to do. “We’re looking for a solution to a problem we don’t have,” Josh Miller, a Republican state representative in Arkansas, told The Associated Press. “I haven’t noticed any humongous Robert E. Lee parades that are taking place in conjunction with Martin Luther King Day. ”"
363,17695,Trump Health Secretary Pick’s Longtime Foes: Big Government and Insurance Companies - The New York Times,New York Times,Abby Goodnough,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"ROSWELL, Ga.  —   It was 1 in the morning, and the orthopedic surgeon on call was preparing to operate on a woman whose foot had been shattered in a car wreck, after hours of tending to other patients. The woman’s husband, Jeff Anderson, asked him, “Are you too tired to do this?” “He looked me straight in the eye  —   very quiet guy  —   and said, ‘I was born to do this,’” Mr. Anderson recalled. The surgeon that night more than 20 years ago was Representative Tom Price of Georgia,   Donald J. Trump’s nominee for secretary of health and human services, the cabinet official who will lead the new administration’s efforts to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. Since then, the assuredness that defined Mr. Price as a surgeon has carried into his political career. He has always listened politely to other viewpoints but never swerved from his policy mission to protect his former profession from what he views as   government intrusion. Many who knew Mr. Price as a doctor here in Atlanta’s affluent northern suburbs praise his commitment to his patients. But his legislative record shows that over eight years in the Georgia Senate and 12 years in Congress, he has advocated at least as much for physician groups and health care companies  —   seeking to limit damages in malpractice cases, for instance, and voting against legislation that would have required the government to negotiate lower drug prices for Medicare beneficiaries. Mr. Price has routinely argued that patients are the driving force behind his efforts. Still, his positions have often coincided with the financial interests of groups whose donations have helped advance his political career. Doctors themselves are sharply divided over his nomination, and some are particularly galled by Mr. Price’s enmity for the Affordable Care Act and opposition to abortion rights. Some of his positions even clash with those of Mr. Trump, who wants to pressure pharmaceutical companies on drug prices, for example, and has pledged to largely leave Medicare alone. If confirmed, Mr. Price, 62, will soon have far more power to influence the nation’s vast health care system than he ever did as a lawmaker. One of his first tasks would be to help Mr. Trump and Republicans in Congress determine how to eviscerate and replace the health law, a goal he has held since the law’s passage in 2010. But as leader of the agency that oversees Medicare, Medicaid, the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Mr. Price would also hold considerable regulatory power, with the ability to influence everything from how applications to market new drugs are reviewed to how doctors are compensated for treating elderly and poor patients. As Mr. Price prepares for two confirmation hearings  —   the first of which is scheduled for Wednesday  —   his past efforts on behalf of   companies, which have donated generously to his campaigns, are under scrutiny. So, too, is Mr. Price’s history of trading in biomedical, pharmaceutical and health insurance stocks while serving on the health subcommittee of the House Ways and Means Committee. Democrats have called for investigations into whether he traded stock based on information he gleaned as a congressman. Last year, Mr. Price bought stock in a company that makes orthopedic implants shortly before introducing legislation that could have protected the company, Zimmer Biomet, from financial losses due to a new federal regulation. The regulation sought to rein in spending on joint replacements for Medicare patients Mr. Price’s legislation would have delayed its implementation. After he introduced it, Zimmer’s political action committee contributed to his   campaign the string of events was first reported Monday by CNN. Phillip J. Blando, a spokesman for the Trump transition team, said Mr. Price “had no knowledge or input into the purchase” of the Zimmer stock, which he said was made by a broker. Asked why Mr. Price had not directed his broker to avoid buying   stocks while he wrote and voted on health legislation, Mr. Blando said, “We know that other members of Congress, including Democrats, have holdings in health care stocks and vote on   legislation. ” In a letter to an ethics lawyer at the Department of Health and Human Services last week Mr. Price said he would divest himself of holdings in 43   and other stocks to avoid conflicts of interest. Noting that the Office of Government Ethics had completed an “exhaustive review” of Mr. Price’s financial holdings, Mr. Blando said last week that Mr. Price “takes his obligation to uphold the public trust very seriously. ” Although not among the billionaires whom Mr. Trump has tapped for his cabinet, Mr. Price has profited from medicine, both as a doctor and as an active investor in health   companies including Aetna,   Squibb and Zimmer Biomet, which makes artificial joints and other medical devices. He has an estimated net worth of $13. 6 million, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, with assets that include real estate. He has also been an effective  : Even in his first run for office in 1996, his war chest of $173, 000, much of which came from doctors and medical companies, led his poorly financed Democratic opponent to call him “Dr. Dollar. ” A brisk,   workaholic who relishes the granular details of legislative proposals and process, Mr. Price expressed concern last year about Mr. Trump’s grasp of the issues. Taking questions from a student group at Emory University, he said he had voted for Marco Rubio in the Republican primary and called Mr. Trump an “empty policy vessel” who was “dangerous for politics and the economy,” according to the student newspaper. Mr. Price, who declined to be interviewed, was engaged in a number of pitched partisan battles even before coming to Washington in 2005. In the Georgia Legislature, he voted against a new state flag that minimized the Confederate battle cross and supported a constitutional amendment banning   marriage. In Congress, he has taken stances seen as antithetical to public health, opposing regulating tobacco as a drug and favoring legislation that would make it easier to sell bullets that can pierce armor. He has also written a fairly detailed plan for replacing the Affordable Care Act. It would repeal the law’s expansion of Medicaid and provide tax credits to help with the cost of coverage based on age instead of income, with older people getting higher credits. Mr. Price grew up in Dearborn, Mich. the son and grandson of doctors who heavily influenced his career choice. He has publicly recalled making house calls with his grandfather, who practiced medicine into his 90s. After medical school at the University of Michigan, he moved to Georgia, completing his residency at Emory and setting up practice in Roswell, a relatively affluent, conservative suburb of Atlanta. In the 1990s, his practice, Compass Orthopedics, was among seven in the Atlanta area that merged into a large group that became known as Resurgens Orthopaedics. It became the largest orthopedic practice in Georgia, and now has 100 doctors and 1, 000 employees spread over 21 locations. Dr. Steven B. Wertheim, another founding partner of Resurgens, said one goal of the consolidation was to gain bargaining power with insurance companies and to provide M. R. I. s, physical therapy and even certain outpatient operations   rather than referring patients to other providers or operating at hospitals. More leverage with insurers often allows doctors to extract higher rates. “His overall gist was, ‘Look, if all we did was practice good medicine, we’d be broke by tomorrow,’” Dr. Wertheim said of Mr. Price. “He understood the need to run a business. ” As a physician, Mr. Price was constantly frustrated by having to seek insurance companies’ approval for his patients to get an expensive diagnostic test or physical therapy  —   a common complaint among specialists. Similarly, he resented when federal health regulators intervened in something he and his partners thought they were already doing well, like using electronic medical records. “Those are the things that drove him crazy,” Dr. Wertheim said. His resentment of government intervention in medicine drove Mr. Price to become involved in the Medical Association of Georgia early in his career, and his work there led him to run for office in 1995, when the House seat in his district opened up. But by 2002, as his legislative duties increased, he traded his suburban practice for a job at Grady Memorial Hospital, a vast, chaotic, aging complex, just a few blocks from the State Capitol. For the next two years, Mr. Price was the medical director of Grady’s orthopedic clinic, seeing a vastly different population than the   privately insured patients he was used to. Most of Grady’s patients are poor and black, and many lack any form of insurance. Long waits for care are the norm, and trauma, including gunshot wounds, is a big part of the caseload. “He called me and asked if there was a position,” said Dr. James R. Roberson, the chairman of the orthopedics department at Emory University School of Medicine, whose residents train at Grady. “He needed some flexibility  —   that was most of his impetus to want to return to Grady, because he was really very interested in pursuing a political career. ” Dr. Roberson said that Mr. Price played a “unique role” at the clinic, training residents and overseeing patient care but also seeking to address inefficiencies  —   long wait times, for example  —   and representing the clinic at hospital administrative meetings. Although he saw patients, he did not perform surgery or need to be on call at night  —   an unusual arrangement, Dr. Roberson said. In the Legislature, Mr. Price spent his first six years in the powerless minority, although he quickly rose to the position of minority whip. His fortunes changed in 2003, after Sonny Perdue became the first Republican governor since Reconstruction and persuaded enough Democrats to switch parties to put the Senate into Republican hands. As the majority leader, Mr. Price’s intimate knowledge of procedural rules and maneuvers, gleaned from assiduous research, helped advance his party’s agenda. In the state Legislature, he was the leader who delivered bad news, the   tactician to some of his   colleagues’ more backslapping style. His sense of humor, when he used it, was dry. Colleagues often wondered if he slept. “He’s a machine,” said Russell K. Paul, a Republican who served in the State Senate with Mr. Price. During his two years in the majority, Mr. Price’s top priority was curbing the rising cost of medical malpractice insurance, which he said was forcing hospitals and nursing homes to close and forcing doctors to limit which procedures they performed. “He was very bright, articulate, and smart enough to be able to see the different sides,” said Tom Bordeaux, a former Democratic state lawmaker and trial lawyer who negotiated with Mr. Price over a package of bills Mr. Price introduced to limit doctors’ liability in malpractice cases. “But he was just totally unwilling. He was very gracious and he was completely inflexible. ” Ultimately, Mr. Price failed to persuade even his Republican colleagues to accept a provision that would have capped    damages for malpractice victims at $250, 000. Mr. Paul, now the mayor of Sandy Springs, Ga. said Mr. Price had become more partisan during his last few years in the Legislature, when the Republicans saw an opportunity to tip the balance of power in their favor for the first time since Reconstruction. “There was not a lot of bipartisan collegiality when it came to trying to control the government in Georgia,” Mr. Paul said, “and that environment was the crucible that began to turn Tom into a hardened political warrior. ” In Congress, Mr. Price has made frequent speeches to health industry and physician groups, and has occasionally introduced legislation on their behalf. Last year, for example, he sponsored a bill fighting new lower Medicare payment rates for “durable medical equipment” like wheelchairs and canes. A few months later, he spoke at a conference for companies that supply such equipment, which held a $     on his behalf that same day. Mr. Price has also supported proposals to overhaul Medicare  —   potentially putting him at odds with his new boss, Mr. Trump, who has pledged not to “touch” the program. Speaking to a student group at the University of Michigan in 2015, Mr. Price expressed concern that Mr. Trump would not listen to others, including Congress, if elected. “When I hear Trump saying things like, ‘I’ll just do XYZ,’ without seemingly any regard for the legislative branch,” Mr. Price told the group, “it gives me some thought. ”"
364,17696,"After Plagiarism Reports, Monica Crowley Won’t Take White House Job - The New York Times",New York Times,Maggie Haberman,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"Monica Crowley, who was selected just weeks ago to serve in a   post on   Donald J. Trump’s National Security Council, has decided against taking the position after allegations that she plagiarized key passages in a 2012 book. Ms. Crowley, whose name was briefly floated as a candidate for White House press secretary, has been dogged by accusations of plagiarism in recent weeks, beginning with the discovery by CNN that she copied several passages in a book she published with HarperCollins. A later report in Politico unearthed similar issues in her doctoral dissertation. “After much reflection, I have decided to remain in New York to pursue other opportunities and will not be taking a position in the incoming administration,” Ms. Crowley said in a statement to The Washington Times. “I greatly appreciate being asked to be part of   Trump’s team, and I will continue to enthusiastically support him and his agenda for American renewal,” she said. She did not address the allegations of plagiarism. Ms. Crowley is the second official announced by the transition team to decide not to go to the White House, following Jason Miller, who was to be the communications director. One person close to the transition said that Ms. Crowley’s role would have involved overseeing certain speeches, something that would have been difficult after the plagiarism claims. HarperCollins has withdrawn the digital edition of Ms. Crowley’s book “What the (Bleep) Just Happened?” Published by Broadside Books, a conservative imprint at HarperCollins, it is a critical look at Barack Obama’s presidency. It sold out 20, 000 copies in hardcover, Publishers Marketplace said. Mr. Trump’s transition team had labeled the plagiarism reports “a politically motivated attack” and defended Ms. Crowley’s ability to serve. “Monica’s exceptional insight and thoughtful work on how to turn this country around is exactly why she will be serving in the administration,” transition officials said in a statement to CNN. “HarperCollins  —   one of the largest and most respected publishers in the world  —   published her book, which has become a national best seller,” the statement said. “Any attempt to discredit Monica is nothing more than a politically motivated attack that seeks to distract from the real issues facing this country. ” Most publishers do not check for plagiarism, fabrication or factual inaccuracies."
365,17697,"Interior Nominee Promotes Navy SEAL Career, While Playing Down ‘Bad Judgment’ - The New York Times",New York Times,Christopher Drew and Sean D. Naylor,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"In his successful runs for state senator in Montana and then for Congress, Representative Ryan Zinke has promoted his   career in the Navy SEALs as one of his main credentials, going so far as to put the SEALs’ Trident symbol on his campaign bus. While he has portrayed his accomplishments in the Navy in glowing terms, Mr. Zinke, a Republican and   Donald J. Trump’s nominee for secretary of the interior, has acknowledged one “glitch”: that he improperly billed the government for travel to his home in Montana when he was a midlevel SEAL Team 6 officer in the late 1990s. He had to repay $211 for one of two trips, he has said, maintaining that the episode did not derail what he described as a “brilliant” career. But two retired admirals under whom Mr. Zinke served say his account understates the damage that it did. Mr. Zinke was in fact punished for abusing his travel expenses, they say, through an evaluation that prevented him from rising to senior levels in the Navy. His former commanding officer in SEAL Team 6, retired Vice Adm. Albert M. Calland III, who had never before discussed the matter publicly, said in an interview that it was “an easy decision” to hit Mr. Zinke hard over the travel claims, which came at a time when he was supposed to help prevent such abuses. “I gave him a fitness report that I thought would not allow him to get to captain, and that seemed, in that regard, to work O. K.,” Admiral Calland said. Even though Mr. Zinke served in a succession of No. 2 jobs in special operations after that, “he never got command,” the admiral said. Another retired vice admiral, Sean A. Pybus, who was Mr. Zinke’s boss after he left SEAL Team 6, said that Admiral Calland’s decision to cite Mr. Zinke for “lapses in judgment” in failing to set a proper example was a red flag for boards screening officers for coveted command jobs. Even if a fitness report  —   essentially a performance evaluation  —   gives top marks in other areas, as Mr. Zinke’s did, “language there like ‘hey, this officer has questionable judgment,’ that would keep him from being selected for a command position,” Admiral Pybus said. “And I think that’s exactly what happened. ” Mr. Zinke has said he took the trips to scout training locations in Montana and nearby parts of Washington and took leave while he was there to do construction work on a family home in Whitefish, Mont. But officials who were at the command said he had less reason to scout sites at the time because he was finishing a   tour as an assault team leader. They said one of the trips also seemed suspicious because he had sought reimbursement for excess airline baggage even though he was traveling alone. Admiral Calland recalled that there was “a lot of discussion” among senior officers about how to punish him. It also hurt Mr. Zinke, the officials said, that the trips came when SEAL Team 6  —   which, though now best known for killing Osama bin Laden, had initially been filled with   mavericks who flouted the rules  —   wanted to project a more professional image to compete with the Army’s Delta Force for top missions. A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump said that Mr. Zinke, 55, was preparing for a Senate confirmation hearing on Tuesday and that neither he nor the transition team would comment for this article. Mr. Zinke’s supporters say he has long since transcended the old problems through his political work and by becoming the first SEAL team member to be nominated for a cabinet position. Mr. Zinke, who was born and raised in Montana, was elected to the State Senate shortly after he retired from the Navy in 2008. He was elected to the House of Representatives in 2014 and won his second term in Congress in November with 57 percent of the vote. While the main focus of the hearing is likely to be his support for increasing energy drilling and mining on public lands, and his stated view that climate change is “not proven science,” senators could also question him about his Navy career. There is no doubt that Mr. Zinke was well liked and a rising star in the SEALs before the travel expenses episode. When he was a lieutenant commander in early 1998, his team snatched a Bosnian Serb war criminal, Goran Jelisic, on a city street and hustled him away in a van in a daring daytime operation. Even after Admiral Calland gave him declining performance marks in military bearing and leadership over the travel issues in   Mr. Zinke was promoted to the rank of commander, which is equivalent to lieutenant colonel in the Army, Air Force and Marines. But while he would have been eligible two or three times before he retired to be placed in charge of a unit as a commanding officer, he never was. And without serving as a commanding officer, he could not become a captain, which is equivalent to a colonel in the other services, and then an admiral, as some of his SEAL peers have. Kenneth Stethem, a retired SEAL chief petty officer who supports Mr. Zinke, said the travel issue seemed minor so many years later. “We have a saying in the teams: ‘You never shoot a   man with a   bullet,’ and that’s exactly what’s going on right here,” he said. But some former SEAL team members claim that Mr. Zinke has also exploited his past  —   he placed the SEALs’ insignia (with six stars, presumably for SEAL Team 6) on his campaign bus in violation of Defense Department guidelines against politicizing such symbols  —   and that he exaggerated what he did in his later military jobs to obscure that he never received commands of his own. He published an autobiography in November that was grandly titled “American Commander. ” And his biography on his congressional website says that he was “deputy and acting commander” of a task force “where he led a force of over 3, 500 Special Operations personnel in Iraq” in 2004. In an interview, Michael S. Repass, who retired from the Army as a major general and was Mr. Zinke’s boss in Iraq, chuckled and said, “That might be a stretch. ” General Repass said that while Mr. Zinke was his deputy commander for four months, he had named him acting commander for only about a week and a half, when the general traveled to the United States. General Repass said Mr. Zinke “did a good job” as his deputy and was “a competent guy,” and he had nominated Mr. Zinke for one of two Bronze Stars he received. Admiral Pybus said that Mr. Zinke was “embarrassed and humbled” when he left SEAL Team 6 and “did quite well” as his deputy at a command using   SEAL units in Europe. “I didn’t see any fallback on poor judgment or indiscretions,” Admiral Pybus said, adding that he had heard Mr. Zinke also did well in another Navy job, as the   officer (and briefly acting commander) of the main SEAL training center. Mr. Zinke attended the University of Oregon on a football scholarship and graduated in 1984 with a geology degree. He served first at a regular SEAL team and then trained other SEAL team members. Records show that two of his early bosses believed that he had the potential to become an admiral. He joined SEAL Team 6 for a stint in 1991. After working on a staff in London, Mr. Zinke returned to SEAL Team 6 in 1996 as the leader of Gold Team, one of three assault teams. Mark Cochiolo, one of the enlisted team members, said Mr. Zinke fixed “some disciplinary issues” and “got us refocused on what we were there for. ” The high mark came on Jan. 22, 1998, when members of Mr. Zinke’s team jumped from unmarked vans and seized Mr. Jelisic, who had called himself the “Serb Adolf,” after Hitler, as he killed detainees during the Bosnian war. The operation took only a minute, former team members say, and Mr. Jelisic ended up with a   prison sentence. Admiral Calland called Mr. Zinke a “superstar” in his fitness report for that year and predicted that he would “lead and command with distinction. ” But in referring to the travel problems that hurt his next evaluation, Mr. Zinke surprised some of his former teammates by suggesting in his book that he was not aware that standards had tightened. He recalled how Team 6 members had earlier “traveled and trained where they liked and Navy oversight was little or none. ” When he became the Gold Team leader, he maintained, “the command had changed, but I had not,” attributing his travel violations to either “bad judgment or a bad habit. ” He also minimized the effect the issue had on his career. While he wrote that it was “a hard lesson to learn and likely put a cloud over me making flag officer,” or admiral, he referred to the episode as just a “shot across the bow. ” He also wrote that “the biggest penalty was being embarrassed for wrongdoing. ”"
366,17698,Bill Maher Isn’t High on Trump: The State of Free Speech in a New Era - The New York Times,New York Times,Jim Rutenberg,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"BEVERLY HILLS, Calif.  —   It was Nov. 12, and Bill Maher was about to begin his comedy act at the City National Civic in San Jose when he did something he hadn’t done in many years. He brought a drink with him to the stage a standup roadie (tequila). “And boy did I miss it,” he joked with me last week. “What an idiot all those years  —   drinking’s fun. You hear that, kids? Drinking’s fun!” Actually, that’s not why he did it, he said during a marathon session of talking and drinking  —   and, in his case, a wee bit of pot smoking  —   that started at his house here and ended several hours later at the nearby Polo Lounge (oh, the indignities of this job). He says he considers drinking on stage unprofessional. But that night, so soon after the election, he needed something to calm his nerves. Donald J. Trump, who Mr. Maher said “lives for vengeance,” had just won control over the most powerful instruments of the government, like the Justice Department, and, more to the point, the F. B. I. And it was dawning on Mr. Maher that “no one’s been meaner to him than me. ” Mr. Maher has a unique perspective. He resides at that most treacherous intersection where free speech meets government power and political passion, dodging traffic from left and right. He also once accused Mr. Trump of being part orangutan by birth. But first, a refresher on how Mr. Maher became a   totem in 2001 with one provocative line on his   ABC show, “Politically Incorrect. ” He said the Sept. 11 hijackers couldn’t be called “cowards,” especially when the United States’ preferred method of attack at the time  —   before the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq  —   was to lob cruise missiles from afar (“That’s cowardly,” he said). The White House criticized him, sponsors fled and, a few months later, ABC canceled his show. Whatever you might think of his argument, the moment was a dark chapter in the annals of public discourse. It could have been a   too, if HBO hadn’t provided Mr. Maher with safe harbor and a new show, “Real Time,” which has an audience of about 4. 5 million viewers. Yet, Mr. Maher puts that episode within “the normal parameters of awful. ” He says he’s more worried about our new era, when no one knows what “normal” is going to look like. It’s amazing how much anxiety Mr. Trump’s imminent inauguration is stirring in the   business  —   but perhaps not surprising given his open hostility toward the press, his willingness to use his platform against any who cross him and his seemingly proud dismissal of the government and political norms that precede him. No one knows whether a year from now, we’ll see today’s fears as overblown, underblown, or on point. Mr. Maher is taking the    approach based on his own experience in the Trumpian combat caldron in 2013. That was when Mr. Maher launched a “birther” —   or, “ ”  —   campaign about Mr. Trump, to rival the one Mr. Trump had pursued about President Obama’s citizenship. Appearing on “The Tonight Show,’’ he joked that Mr. Trump was the product of   crossbreeding it was the only thing, he said, that would explain the “color of his hair. ” He said he would donate $5 million to a charity of Mr. Trump’s choice if he could prove this wasn’t the case. (Mr. Maher pledged $1 million in 2012 to a “super PAC” supporting Obama.) Mr. Trump’s lawyers replied with a copy of his   birth certificate and a demand for the money, which Mr. Maher ignored. Then Mr. Trump filed a lawsuit that ultimately went nowhere. “It was worth it in comedy material,” Mr. Maher told me, taking a couple of puffs from a pipe molded into a bust of his head (a gift from a friend) as we stood by the bar in his   living room. “But you definitely spent money. ” That is, Mr. Maher had the money to pay for the courage that another comedian may not have been able to afford. He takes it as a harbinger. “No one knows what this man is capable of,” Mr. Maher said. “I never, ever, ever felt worried  —   it never crossed my mind  —   that George Bush would do something crazy, even though I knew he hated me. He never sued me for a joke. ” Mr. Maher was particularly focused on reports that several F. B. I. agents were agitating before the election for more aggressive examination of Hillary Clinton, which Democrats feared was politically motivated to help Mr. Trump. (The Justice Department’s inspector general has announced a broad investigation into the F. B. I. ’s   performance.) “It is a very troubling idea that the F. B. I. is politicized,” he said. “When the internal police department is politicized, that’s a place I don’t want to be on the wrong side of  —   I mean, that’s fascism. ” You could chalk it all up to shticky paranoia, and it’s quite a slippery slope from there to outright fascism. But with so many sharing similar worries (at least among those who didn’t support Mr. Trump) and with Mr. Trump’s continued cage rattling, I turned to Mr. Trump’s adviser, Kellyanne Conway, for a response. It seemed especially fitting because she has been a longtime guest of Mr. Maher’s, dating to the 1990s when he was first blazing the   trail on Comedy Central. Given Mr. Trump’s preference for Twitter, Ms. Conway joked, using the F. B. I. would be “so last century  —   it’s so bureaucratic and paperwork laden. ” Turning more serious, she said, “He’s not going to use the ‘tools of state,’” repeating the wording of my question. I noted that there are, of course, guidelines, professional tenets and laws that are meant to preclude a president’s ability to use federal investigative power as a political weapon, and she agreed, saying “This is America. ” Ms. Conway acknowledged, though, that Mr. Maher’s fears were widely held, especially in Hollywood  —   witness Meryl Streep’s Golden Globes address. “Talk about a Hollywood story  —   folks are unnecessarily flattering themselves to think for two seconds that Donald Trump is going to call out the big dogs to make their lives miserable,” she said. She described some of the discomfort as a natural reaction by “the elites” to an incoming president who is merely responding to their continued attacks. “Where’s the respect  —   open ear and open mind? ’’ she said. “The same people who had hoped for and desired and absolutely assumed they were going to get a different election result never laid down their muskets,” she said. It was time, she said, to “take the poison out of the pen and keyboard. ” Mr. Maher has no plans to do that when his show comes back from hiatus on inauguration day, Jan. 20 (his birthday, and Ms. Conway’s). But he shares Ms. Conway’s view of the cultural stakes in the election. “We’re the losers now, so it behooves us to break out of that bubble more,” he said. Mr. Maher said speeches like Ms. Streep’s  —   calling actors, screenwriters and the news media to arms  —   weren’t going to solve anything. “It looks very insular,” he said. “Just the liberals talking to themselves, which they are very good at doing. ” Still the bane of conservatives, Mr. Maher has more recently drawn scorn from liberals for his own diatribes against Islamic extremism, for which he says liberals have too much tolerance. That’s part of what he considers a politically correct corralling of speech from the left. At the same time, his restaurant selection, the Polo Lounge, in the Beverly Hills Hotel, came in defiance of a Hollywood boycott that Ellen DeGeneres and Elton John helped start after the sultan of Brunei, whose investment agency owns the hotel, imposed a new penal code in his homeland based on Shariah law, making gay sex and adultery punishable by stoning to death. To join the boycott, Mr. Maher said as we walked through the hotel lobby, would be to submit to an ineffectual form of “tokenism. ” “As if the sultan of Brunei is up there looking at the receipts  —   we only sold two soups? Is Stallone still coming in?” he said. “But Sultan, your harem awaits  —   ‘I’m sorry, I’m still going over the receipts. ’” With that, we took our seats and the waiter approached. Surprised to see Mr. Maher, he asked “You’re not in hiding?” That got Mr. Maher all worked up again. “I can be scared,” he said, “and never pull a punch. ”"
367,17699,Transcript: President Obama on What Books Mean to Him - The New York Times,New York Times,,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"Michiko Kakutani, the chief book critic for The New York Times, interviewed President Obama about literature on Friday at the White House. Here are excerpts from the conversation, which have been edited and condensed.  These books that you gave to your daughter Malia on the Kindle, what were they? Some of your favorites? I think some of them were sort of the usual suspects, so “The Naked and the Dead” or “One Hundred Years of Solitude,” I think she hadn’t read yet. Then there were some books I think that are not on everybody’s reading list these days, but I remembered as being interesting, like “The Golden Notebook” by Doris Lessing, for example. Or “The Woman Warrior,” by Maxine [Hong Kingston]. Part of what was interesting was me pulling back books that I thought were really powerful, but that might not surface when she goes to college. Have you had a chance to discuss them with her? I’ve had the chance to discuss some. And she’s interested in being a filmmaker, so storytelling is of great interest to her. She had just read “A Moveable Feast. ” I hadn’t included that, and she was just captivated by the idea that Hemingway described his goal of writing one true thing every day. What made you want to become a writer? I loved reading when I was a kid, partly because I was traveling so much, and there were times where I’d be displaced, I’d be the outsider. When I first moved to Indonesia, I’m this big,   kid that kind of stood out. And then when I moved back from Indonesia to Hawaii, I had the manners and habits probably of an Indonesian kid. And so the idea of having these worlds that were portable, that were yours, that you could enter into, was appealing to me. And then I became a teenager and wasn’t reading that much other than what was assigned in school, and playing basketball and chasing girls, and imbibing things that weren’t very healthy. I think all of us did. Yeah. And then I think rediscovered writing and reading and thinking in my first or second year of college and used that as a way to rebuild myself, a process I write about in “Dreams From My Father. ” That  period in New York, where you were intensely reading. I was hermetic  —   it really is true. I had one plate, one towel, and I’d buy clothes from thrift shops. And I was very intense, and sort of humorless. But it reintroduced me to the power of words as a way to figure out who you are and what you think, and what you believe, and what’s important, and to sort through and interpret this swirl of events that is happening around you every minute. And so even though by the time I graduated I knew I wanted to be involved in public policy, or I had these vague notions of organizing, the idea of continuing to write and tell stories as part of that was valuable to me. And so I would come home from work, and I would write in my journal or write a story or two. The great thing was that it was useful in my organizing work. Because when I got there, the guy who had hired me said that the thing that brings people together to have the courage to take action on behalf of their lives is not just that they care about the same issue, it’s that they have shared stories. And he told me that if you learn how to listen to people’s stories and can find what’s sacred in other people’s stories, then you’ll be able to forge a relationship that lasts. But my interest in public service and politics then merged with the idea of storytelling. What were your short stories like? It’s interesting, when I read them, a lot of them had to do with older people. I think part of the reason was because I was working in communities with people who were significantly older than me. We were going into churches, and probably the average age of these folks was 55, 60. A lot of them had scratched and clawed their way into the middle class, but just barely. They were seeing the communities in which they had invested their hopes and dreams and raised their kids starting to decay  —   steel mills had closed, and there had been a lot of racial turnover in these communities. And so there was also this sense of loss and disappointment. And so a bunch of the short stories I wrote had to do with that sense, that atmosphere. One story is about an old black pastor who seems to be about to lose his church, his lease is running out and he’s got this loyal woman deacon who is trying to buck him up. Another is about an elderly couple  —   a white couple in L. A.  —   and he’s like in advertising, wrote jingles. And he’s just retired and has gotten cranky. And his wife is trying to convince him that his life is not over. So when I think back on what’s interesting to me, there is not a lot of Jack Kerouac,   young kid on the make discovering stuff. It’s more melancholy and reflective. Was writing partly a way to figure out your identity? Yes, I think so. For me, particularly at that time, writing was the way I sorted through a lot of crosscurrents in my life  —   race, class, family. And I genuinely believe that it was part of the way in which I was able to integrate all these pieces of myself into something relatively whole. People now remark on this notion of me being very cool, or composed. And what is true is that I generally have a pretty good sense of place and who I am, and what’s important to me. And I trace a lot of that back to that process of writing. Has that continued to be so in the presidency? Not as much as I would have liked. I just didn’t have time. But you keep some form of a journal? I’ve kept some, but not with the sort of discipline that I would have hoped for. The main writing that I’ve done during the presidency has been my speeches, the ones at least that were important to me. How has the speechwriting and  being at the center of history and dealing with crises affected you as a writer? I’m not sure yet. I’ll have to see when I start writing the next book. Some of the craft of writing a good speech is identical to any other good writing: Is that word necessary? Is it the right word? Is there a rhythm to it that feels good? How does it sound aloud? I actually think that one of the useful things about speechwriting is reminding yourself that the original words are spoken, and that there is a sound, a feel to words that, even if you’re reading silently, transmits itself. So in that sense, I think there will be some consistency. But this is part of why it was important to pick up the occasional novel during the presidency, because most of my reading every day was briefing books and memos and proposals. And so working that very analytical side of the brain all the time sometimes meant you lost track of not just the poetry of fiction, but also the depth of fiction. Fiction was useful as a reminder of the truths under the surface of what we argue about every day and was a way of seeing and hearing the voices, the multitudes of this country. Are there examples of specific novels or writers? Well, the last novel I read was Colson Whitehead’s “The Underground Railroad. ” And the reminder of the ways in which the pain of slavery transmits itself across generations, not just in overt ways, but how it changes minds and hearts. It’s what you said in your farewell address about Atticus Finch, where you said people are so isolated in their little bubbles. Fiction can leap  —   It bridges them. I struck up a friendship with [the novelist] Marilynne Robinson, who has become a good friend. And we’ve become sort of pen pals. I started reading her in Iowa, where “Gilead” and some of her best novels are set. And I loved her writing in part because I saw those people every day. And the interior life she was describing that connected them  —   the people I was shaking hands with and making speeches to  —   it connected them with my grandparents, who were from Kansas and ended up journeying all the way to Hawaii, but whose foundation had been set in a very similar setting. And so I think that I found myself better able to imagine what’s going on in the lives of people throughout my presidency because of not just a specific novel but the act of reading fiction. It exercises those muscles, and I think that has been helpful. And then there’s been the occasion where I just want to get out of my own head. [Laughter] Sometimes you read fiction just because you want to be someplace else. What are some of those books? It’s interesting, the stuff I read just to escape ends up being a mix of things  —   some science fiction. For a while, there was a     novel, the “  Problem” series  —   Oh, Liu Cixin, who won the Hugo Award.  —   which was just wildly imaginative, really interesting. It wasn’t so much sort of character studies as it was just this sweeping  —   It’s really about the fate of the universe. Exactly. The scope of it was immense. So that was fun to read, partly because my    problems with Congress seem fairly petty  —   not something to worry about. Aliens are about to invade. [Laughter] There were books that would blend, I think, really good writing with thriller genres. I mean, I thought “Gone Girl” was a     book. I loved that structure. Yeah, and it was really well executed. And a similar structure, that I thought was a really powerful novel: “Fates and Furies,” by Lauren Groff. I like those structures  where you actually see different points of view. Which I have to do for this job, too. [Laughter] Have there been certain books that have been touchstones for you in these eight years? I would say Shakespeare continues to be a touchstone. Like most teenagers in high school, when we were assigned, I don’t know, “The Tempest” or something, I thought, ‘My God, this is boring.’ And I took this wonderful Shakespeare class in college where I just started to read the tragedies and dig into them. And that, I think, is foundational for me in understanding how certain patterns repeat themselves and play themselves out between human beings. Is that sort of comforting? It gives me a sense of perspective. I think Toni Morrison’s writings  —   particularly “Song of Solomon” is a book I think of when I imagine people going through hardship. That it’s not just pain, but there’s joy and glory and mystery. I think that there are writers who I don’t necessarily agree with in terms of their politics, but whose writings are sort of a baseline for how to think about certain things  —   V. S. Naipaul, for example. His “A Bend in the River,” which starts with the line, “The world is what it is men who are nothing, who allow themselves to become nothing, have no place in it. ” And I always think about that line, and I think about his novels when I’m thinking about the hardness of the world sometimes, particularly in foreign policy, and I resist and fight against sometimes that very cynical, more realistic view of the world. And yet, there are times where it feels as if that may be true. So in that sense, I’m using writing like that as a foil or something to debate against. I’ve read that Lincoln  loved Shakespeare his whole life, but  when he was dealing with the Civil War,  reading the  history plays helped give him solace and perspective. Lincoln’s own writings do that. He is a very fine writer. I’d put the Second Inaugural up against any piece of American writing  —   as good as anything. One of the great treats of being president is, in the Lincoln Bedroom, there’s a copy of the Gettysburg Address handwritten by him, one of five copies he did for charity. And there have been times in the evening when I’d just walk over, because it’s right next to my office, my home office, and I just read it. And perspective is exactly what is wanted. At a time when events move so quickly and so much information is transmitted, the ability to slow down and get perspective, along with the ability to get in somebody else’s shoes  —   those two things have been invaluable to me. Whether they’ve made me a better president, I can’t say. But what I can say is that they have allowed me to sort of maintain my balance during the course of eight years, because this is a place that comes at you hard and fast and doesn’t let up. Is there some poem or any  writing or author that you would turn to, say,  after the mass killings in Newtown, Conn. or during the financial crisis? I think that during those periods, Lincoln’s writings, King’s writings, Gandhi’s writings, Mandela’s writings  —   I found those particularly helpful, because what you wanted was a sense of solidarity. During very difficult moments, this job can be very isolating. So sometimes you have to hop across history to find folks who have been similarly feeling isolated. Churchill’s a good writer. And I loved reading Teddy Roosevelt’s writing. He’s this big, outsize character. Have you read a lot of presidential biographies?  The biographies have been useful, because I do think that there’s a tendency, understandable, to think that whatever’s going on right now is uniquely disastrous or amazing or difficult. And it just serves you well to think about Roosevelt trying to navigate World War II or Lincoln trying to figure out whether he’s going to fire [George B.] McClellan when Rebel troops are 20, 30, 40 miles away. I watched some of the    documentary   “Eyes on the Prize” after the election.  It was useful. You do see how far we’ve come, and in the space of my lifetime. And that’s why seeing my daughters now picking up books that I read 30 years ago or 40 years ago is gratifying, because I want them to have perspective  —   not for purposes of complacency, but rather to give them confidence that people with a sense of determination and courage and pluck can reshape things. It’s empowering for them. What books would you recommend at this moment in time, that  captures this sense of turmoil? I should probably ask you or some people who have had time to catch up on reading. I’ll confess that since the election, I’ve been busier than I expected. So one of the things I’m really looking forward to is to dig into a whole bunch of literature. But one of the things I’m confident about is that, out of this moment, there are a whole bunch of writers, a lot of them young, who are probably writing the book I need to read. [Laughter] They’re ahead of me right now. And so in my   in addition to training the next generation of leaders to work on issues like climate change or gun violence or criminal justice reform, my hope is to link them up with their peers who see fiction or nonfiction as an important part of that process. When so much of our politics is trying to manage this clash of cultures brought about by globalization and technology and migration, the role of stories to unify  —   as opposed to divide, to engage rather than to marginalize  —   is more important than ever. There’s something particular about quieting yourself and having a sustained stretch of time that is different from music or television or even the greatest movies. And part of what we’re all having to deal with right now is just a lot of information overload and a lack of time to process things. So we make quick judgments and assign stereotypes to things, block certain things out, because our brain is just trying to get through the day. We’re bombarded with information. Technology is moving so rapidly. Look, I don’t worry about the survival of the novel. We’re a storytelling species. I think that what one of the jobs of political leaders going forward is, is to tell a better story about what binds us together as a people. And America is unique in having to stitch together all these disparate elements  —   we’re not one race, we’re not one tribe, folks didn’t all arrive here at the same time. What holds us together is an idea, and it’s a story about who we are and what’s important to us. And I want to make sure that we continue that. I know you like Junot Díaz’s and Jhumpa Lahiri’s books, and they speak to immigration or the American Dream. I think Lahiri’s books, I think Díaz’s books, do speak to a very particular contemporary immigration experience. But also this combination of  —   that I think is universal  —   longing for this better place, but also feeling displaced and looking backwards at the same time. I think in that sense, their novels are directly connected to a lot of American literature. Some of the great books by Jewish authors like Philip Roth or Saul Bellow, they are steeped with this sense of being an outsider, longing to get in, not sure what you’re giving up  —   what you’re willing to give up and what you’re not willing to give up. So that particular aspect of American fiction I think is still of great relevance today."
368,17700,Hooked on Our Smartphones - The New York Times,New York Times,Jane E. Brody,2017-01-16,2017.0,1.0,,"The many men, women and children who spend their days glued to their smartphones and social media accounts might learn something from   Miranda, creator of the groundbreaking megahit “Hamilton. ” Asked in an interview with Delta Sky magazine when and where he finds time to be creative, Mr. Miranda, an avid reader of books and enthusiast for unfettered downtime, replied: “The good idea comes in the moment of rest. It comes in the shower. It comes when you’re doodling or playing trains with your son. ‘Hamilton’ forced me to double down on being awake to the inspirations of just living my life. ” Mr. Miranda’s observation bodes ill for the future, not just of creativity but also of healthy bodies, minds and relationships. No doubt you’ve seen the following scenarios, probably many times: • Young couples out to dinner pull out their smartphones to check messages, emails and social networks even before scanning the menu, and check their phones repeatedly throughout the meal. • Shoppers and commuters standing in line, people crossing busy streets, even cyclists and drivers whose eyes are on their phones instead of their surroundings. • Toddlers in strollers playing with a digital device  —   a parent’s or perhaps even their own  —   instead of observing and learning from the world around them. • People walking down the street with eyes on their phones, bumping into others, tripping over or crashing into obstacles. Observations like these have prompted a New York psychotherapist to ask, “What really matters?” in life. In her enlightening new book, “The Power of Off,” Nancy Colier observes that “we are spending far too much of our time doing things that don’t really matter to us. ” Both in and outside her practice, she has encountered many people who have become “disconnected from what really matters, from what makes us feel nourished and grounded as human beings. ” The   access to digital technology, starting at ever younger ages, is transforming modern society in ways that can have negative effects on physical and mental health, neurological development and personal relationships, not to mention safety on our roads and sidewalks. Don’t get me wrong. I’m no Luddite. I love technology. I love the convenience and assistance afforded by the myriad apps on my cellphone, a   information bank. I remember being amazed, as a Times reporter back in the early 1980s, when I started using word processing and realized how much faster I could write an article. Now computers save tons of time and effort and avert countless embarrassing errors because I can look up facts, figures, spelling, definitions and scholarly publications without leaving my ergonomic chair. But I also love putting my computer in sleep mode and going for a walk with my dog, meeting and chatting with friends, acquaintances and strangers, some of whom have become friends. As with so much else in life, moderation in our digital world should be the hallmark of a healthy relationship with technology. Too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us, giving us more time to experience life and the people we love. Instead, we’re constantly bombarded by bells, buzzes and chimes that alert us to messages we feel compelled to view and respond to immediately. “Most people now check their smartphones 150 times per day, or every six minutes,” Ms. Colier wrote. “And young adults are now sending an average of 110 texts per day. ” Furthermore, she added, “46 percent of smartphone users now say that their devices are something they ‘couldn’t live without. ’” In “The World Unplugged Project,” investigators at the University of Maryland reported that “a clear majority” of students in the 10 countries studied experienced distress when they tried to go without their devices for 24 hours. One in three people admitted they’d rather give up sex than their smartphones. I fear we are turning into digital robots. Will future generations know how to converse with one another face to face? Will they notice the birds, trees, sunrise and the people with whom they share the planet? Instead of visiting art galleries, attending concerts or walking on picturesque wooded paths, one woman I know who came to Woodstock, N. Y. last summer spent the weekend on her iPad communing with her many “friends” on Facebook. All I could think was “What a waste!” Why, you may ask, is it so important to limit our digital lives? “Without open spaces and downtime, the nervous system never shuts down  —   it’s in constant    mode,” Ms. Colier said in an interview. “We’re wired and tired all the time. Even computers reboot, but we’re not doing it. ” She continued, “It’s connections to other human beings  —     connections, not digital ones  —   that nourish us and make us feel like we count. Our presence, our full attention is the most important thing we can give each other. Digital communications don’t result in deeper connections, in feeling loved and supported. ” How often is your real work interrupted by signals from your smartphone that you find impossible to ignore? Have you ever avoided intimacy with your partner because you’re in the midst of iPhone Scrabble? Is endlessly snapping selfies and posting your every action and thought on social media creating an unhealthy  ? As for physical   every hour spent on a device is likely to be an indoor, sedentary one. Screens are stealing time that children and adolescents should be spending on physical activity and sports, reading, or creating and engaging directly with other children, all of which are critical to healthy physical and social development. “Children who overuse online media are at risk of problematic internet use, and heavy users of video games are at risk of internet gaming disorder” (translation: addiction) the American Academy of Pediatrics wrote in its latest policy statement on media use. Ms. Colier, a licensed clinical social worker, said, “The only difference between digital addiction and other addictions is that this is a socially condoned behavior. ” While her book contains a   digital detox program, in our interview she offered three steps to help curb one’s digital dependence. 1. Start by recognizing how much digital use is really needed, say, for work or navigation or letting family members know you’re O. K. and what is merely a habit of responding, posting and  . 2. Make little changes. Refrain from using your device while eating or spending time with friends, and add one thing a day that’s done without the phone. 3. Become very conscious of what is important to you, what really nourishes you, and devote more time and attention to it."
369,17701,"Suspect in Istanbul Rampage on New Year’s Is Captured, Turkey Says - The New York Times",New York Times,Rod Nordland,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"The police in Turkey have arrested the man accused of carrying out a deadly attack on an Istanbul nightclub early on New Year’s Day, killing 39 people, including a police officer and 25 foreigners, according to the semiofficial Anadolu news agency as well as Turkish news reports. The news agency said that a police raid on a residence in the outlying Esenyurt district of Istanbul had resulted in the capture of Abdulgadir Masharipov, whom the authorities described as an Islamic State militant of Uzbek nationality, along with four other people. The others were a man of Kyrgyz nationality and three women, whose nationalities were not given, Anadolu said. Turkish news organizations posted photographs of the suspect in custody, showing him bruised and with fresh blood on his clothing and face. He had reportedly been injured while carrying out the deadly attack on the Reina nightclub on the Bosporus. An estimated 69 people were wounded by the attacker, who went on a shooting rampage with a   rifle inside the crowded and popular venue. The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack the next day and said in a statement that it had been carried out “in continuation of the blessed operations that the Islamic State is conducting against Turkey, the protector of the cross. ” The Turkish authorities quickly identified the suspect from   television, and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vowed to bring him to justice. Turkey’s foreign minister, Mevlut Cavusoglu, posted a Twitter message congratulating the country’s interior minister on the arrest. “In the name of our nation, I thank primarily our minister, Suleyman Soylu, our police and intelligence organizations who captured Reina assailant,” he wrote. The district where the suspect was captured, Esenyurt, on the European side of Istanbul, is a former slum that has been rapidly redeveloped with new apartment blocks housing many refugees and migrants. Turkish news reports said Mr. Masharipov was with his    son when he was captured, and news video showed one of the suspects being attacked at the arrest scene. The suspect identified as a Kyrgyz national was seen lying handcuffed on the ground, with a police officer’s boot holding his head down."
370,17702,What to Make of the ‘Davos Class’ in the Trump Era - The New York Times,New York Times,Andrew Ross Sorkin,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"DAVOS, Switzerland  —     Donald Trump has never been invited here. Neither has Nigel Farage, the British politician who led the Brexit campaign. The World Economic Forum  —   an annual gathering of global policy and business leaders, who come to debate the world’s great challenges  —   gets underway here Monday night as the shifting political trends toward nationalism and against a sense of globalism are raising renewed questions about the relevance of the elites known as the “Davos class. ” It is this group of   plutocrats that largely failed to anticipate  —   and may have even unconsciously generated  —   the seeping   movement across the globe. Every January, a glittering array of the cognoscenti descend on the Alps: the     Bill Gates, the   of Microsoft the billionaire investor George Soros Jack Ma, the founder of China’s   giant, Alibaba and  —   until recently  —   Angela Merkel, the chancellor of Germany. An assortment of Hollywood actors including Angelina Jolie, Leonardo DiCaprio and Matt Damon have made the pilgrimage over the years to promote their nonprofit work. And the conversations tend to be dominated by issues like inequality, climate change and the economic challenges facing developed and emerging countries. This year, the guest list includes names like President Xi Jinping of China Vice President Joseph Biden JPMorgan Chase’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon the head of the International Monetary Fund, Christine Lagarde and former Vice President Al Gore. And yet missing from these   conversations have been meaningful challengers or critics of the underlying theme that was seemingly stipulated from the birth of this event 46 years ago: Globalization has the potential to benefit everyone. “Trump’s election victory is a clear indication that the majority of people are not interested in a world government, but want to return to a classical, local democracy,” John Mauldin, an economic researcher and author, recently wrote. “Strange as it may seem to the Davos men, most people tend to love their ‘patria,’ the land of their fathers. ” Dissenting voices like those of Mr. Trump and Mr. Farage have rarely been part of the discussion  —   though perhaps that will change. Theresa May, Britain’s new prime minister, will attend this year, as will some of Mr. Trump’s advisers. But the victories of Mr. Trump and the Brexit campaign can be viewed as a rebuke of “Davos Man,” a name that Samuel Huntington, the Harvard political scientist, gave attendees in 2004, describing them as “transnationalists” who “have little need for national loyalty, view national boundaries as obstacles that thankfully are vanishing, and see national governments as residues from the past whose only useful function is to facilitate the elite’s global operations. ” The middle class in the United States and Britain  —   and perhaps in France if Marine Le Pen, the   presidential candidate who has also never been invited to Davos, wins this spring  —   clearly haven’t felt the benefits of the   world encouraged by multinational corporations that allows both immigration and commerce to take place without friction. “They have witnessed the rise of the Davos class, a   network of banking and tech billionaires, elected leaders who are awfully cozy with those interests, and Hollywood celebrities who make the whole thing seem unbearably glamorous,” Naomi Klein, a columnist for The Guardian, wrote in a searing analysis of the American election in November. She described the failure of “elite neoliberalism” to address the economic challenges of the masses. “Success,” she wrote, continuing to describe the middle class, “is a party to which they were not invited, and they know in their hearts that this rising wealth and power is somehow directly connected to their growing debts and powerlessness. ” The Davos Man has either failed to properly articulate the benefits of open trade  —   or the reality of open trade is more complicated than previously imagined. In a nod to this new reality, the World Economic Forum has put together an index of what it calls inclusive growth and development, which measures 109 countries according to their progress on economic growth and reducing income inequality and breaks out subsets of those countries to compare with different data sets. According to the index, median income actually declined by 2. 4 percent between 2008 and 2013 across the 26 advanced economies where data is available, which may help explain the shifting political winds. “It’s our response to how capitalism has failed us  —   and how we need to fix it,” said Adrian Monck, a member of the forum’s executive committee. The United States ranked 23rd out of 30 advanced economies. In terms of wage and nonwage compensation, it ranked last in social protection, it came in 25th. It also came in 25th on “intermediation of business investment”  —   in other words, the amount of money that goes into productive investments, such as research and development and infrastructure as opposed to share buybacks. (Norway ranked No. 1. Living standards there rose by 10. 6 percent from 2008 to 2013 while the economy grew only 0. 5 percent.) Mr. Monck defended the idea of a globalist approach. “The benefits of globalization are there to see, in jobs in China, India and many emerging markets,” he said. “Billions of people owe better lives to it. ” He invoked Klaus Schwab, the founder of the World Economic Forum. “What hasn’t been listened to in Davos is persistent warnings from people like Klaus that the benefits need to be shared, and that you can’t have    capitalism,” Mr. Monck said. Still, he acknowledged that the invitation list of insiders is by design. “We always want the most comprehensive political attendance in Davos, to help support   cooperation, which is what we do,” he said. “That inevitably means current, serving political figures. There are politicians in office now  —   and coming to Davos  —   who reflect this emergent agenda that you’ve seen in the U. S. ” For example, he said, leaders from Poland, Finland, Portugal and even Switzerland  —   where the Swiss People’s Party was an early example of the shift in the political landscape  —   will be on hand this week. A bevy of Mr. Trump’s advisers and members of his business council are expected to attend, including Anthony Scaramucci, who joined the  ’s White House staff as an adviser and public liaison to government agencies and businesses. He will be joined by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman of the Blackstone Group and also of Mr. Trump’s President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. Four Trump cabinet nominees have been to Davos in years past: Rick Perry (energy) once Rex Tillerson (state) three times Robert Lighthizer (trade) 15 times and Elaine Chao (transportation) four times. A few people who were once   crusaders  —   like Ms. May of Britain  —   are now insiders. And, depending how the political winds shift, more people of her ideological ilk may join the Davos class in 2018. This is not the first time that the World Economic Forum has come under fire from critics about its globalist,   message. In 2000, a group of more than 1, 000 demonstrators carrying signs that said “Against the New World Order” smashed the windows of a McDonald’s franchise here in Davos just down the road from the conference, protesting open trade policies espoused by   Bill Clinton, who was speaking at the event. Many of today’s policy makers and executives gathering here are expected to speak about the rise of populism and the need to adjust economic incentives. Hamdi Ulukaya, the chief executive of Chobani, the yogurt company, is expected to encourage business leaders to do more to address wealth building among employees he provided shares in his company to every   employee, making many of them millionaires. The question, of course, is whether those discussions can ever get beyond the theoretical for a group that is seen by many   voters as out of touch with the real economic challenges that people face. Conversations about income inequality, for example, have long had a tinge of class envy as opposed to a real appreciation for the basic jobs and wages that people are seeking. Still, with the word “Davos” being tossed around as an epithet, some politicians are staying away from the Alps this year. Ms. Merkel, for example, has passed on attending now for two years in a row, in the face of continued criticism among German voters that she is too much of a globalist. So why do so many policy makers and executives still covet an invitation? Because Davos remains the world’s   shop to meet leaders from all corners of the globe. And despite the critiques of the gathering, a remarkable amount of business  —   both political and corporate  —   takes place behind the scenes. One thing is sure: The predictions made here  —   known as the Davos consensus  —   have a tendency to be wrong. Mr. Trump, with very few exceptions, was largely written off last year as a bad joke. “If you bother to read some of the serious analysis of Trump’s support, you realize that it’s a very fragile thing and highly unlikely to deliver what he needs in the crucial first phase of the primaries,” Niall Ferguson, the historian, predicted at Davos in 2016, according to Bloomberg News. “By the time we get to   it’s all over. I think there’s going to be a wonderful catharsis, I’m really looking forward to it: Trump’s humiliation. Bring it on. ”"
371,17703,Putting More Women on a Path to Political Power - The New York Times,New York Times,Alison Smale,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"BERLIN  —   About five decades since the surge in modern feminism, it is unlikely that most women  —   in the United States, at least  —   would have anticipated the current political climate in which gender equality remains almost as elusive as ever and    rights are under siege. What is more, a man criticized by many for his treatment of women will be sworn in as president of the United States on Friday. And in 2016, a woman still could not be elected to the job. After the gamut of emotions engendered by Hillary Clinton’s surprising loss to Donald J. Trump, women are once more confronting the big questions that have long enveloped the feminist quest. Put bluntly, is it sexism or the system that has so far prevented a woman from becoming president of the United States? And what lessons might be drawn from Europe, or places further afield, that could help an American woman get to the top one day? As members of the global elite gather this week at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, gender issues in politics and beyond will be hotly debated. If the fight for women’s rights has taught activists one thing, it is that simple questions have complex answers. Melanne Verveer, executive director of the Georgetown Institute for Women, Peace and Security and former ambassador at large for global women’s issues under President Obama, said that “to just look at this election through the gender lens is not to understand it fully. ” Though many women saw Mrs. Clinton, a former senator and secretary of state, as the most qualified candidate, other women felt no tug to help one of their own shatter a glass ceiling and instead “reached a conclusion that they might be better off with a change,” Ms. Verveer said. “I think people would like to think there has to be one good explanation,” said Shauna Lani Shames, an assistant professor of political science at Rutgers   in New Jersey. “But there is not. It’s many. ” What she called the “deeply ingrained sexism” of a country fond of cowboy myths and tales of the Wild West is one. There are others. For starters, look at how the United States chooses candidates. “Selection is mostly about people ” Dr. Shames said. “You have to   as a candidate, and often win a primary before the party will take note of you. ” Just the expense and time away from family involved turn many women off, leaving a smaller pipeline. Even the basic act of asking for money  —   essential to any political bid in the United States  —   hurts women more, she argued: “Women hate it more than men do. Men tend to be in social circles where they can raise more money. ” Mrs. Clinton was criticized last summer when her annual sojourn in the wealthy enclaves of the Hamptons became studded with  . (Mr. Trump made his own round of   there, to perhaps less attention.) In Europe, women can work their way up the ladder of their party, which tends to have a distinct ideological identity and is often subsidized by government funds from which all legal parties can benefit. In addition, Dr. Shames said, research has shown that the proportional representation that is a cornerstone of many European political systems is far more likely to get women elected to national legislatures. Europeans have also been much readier to adopt quotas to bolster women’s part in politics. Americans steeped in individualism have been reluctant to legislate in this way. “The concept of quotas in the U. S. as you know, is antithetical to the American position and possibly the myth that holds that everyone pulls themselves up by their bootstraps,” said Debbie Walsh, director of the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers. Of course, Europeans have not always proved able to use quotas to the full advantage for women. In France, for example, where law dictates that 40 percent of candidates be female, parties, particularly conservative ones, have often preferred to pay fines rather than find the mandated number of women. Joanna Maycock is secretary general of the European Women’s Lobby, which brings together about 2, 500 women’s groups from each of the 28 European Union nations, and from neighbors like Norway and aspiring members like Turkey and Serbia. She said she detected a change in attitudes since Mrs. Clinton’s defeat that starkly highlighted the quirks of the American system, in particular the Electoral College. (The college affirmed Mr. Trump’s ascension to the presidency despite his loss of the popular vote.) Ms. Maycock cited a   workshop at the end of November that brought together about 25 American and European activists examining how to get more women into politics. “When we planned it, we thought we would be celebrating Hillary’s success,” she said. Instead, the meeting reflected “the shock of Trump. ” “A lot of the American participants were so horrified and shocked, there was a big difference,” she said, a readiness to explore other methods and reinforce the need to train women in public speaking,   and building networks. Ms. Walsh’s center at Rutgers runs nonpartisan campaign training in New Jersey and assists in such training in 17 other states. She reported a “dramatic increase” in women’s signing up. “Women are seeking a way to have a voice,” Ms. Walsh said. “This election has made citizens  —   men and women  —   see things through the gender blend. ” She added that women “can have an enormous impact on their lives, families, identities” and that “they can’t sit on the sidelines they have to figure out a way to get engaged. ” In modern Europe, the trail to the top was blazed by the somewhat unlikely figure of Margaret Thatcher, who was the first woman elected as prime minister in Britain in 1979. (Theresa May is now the second, with the tough task of negotiating the country’s exit from the European Union.) Mrs. Thatcher had no outright feminist agenda and stood accused of fomenting social hardship with her conservative policies and iron will, for instance, to break Britain’s trade unions. Close to 40 years later, similar policies of austerity are associated with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, often called the world’s most powerful woman after 11 years in office. Her unwillingness to loosen Europe’s purse strings while Germany, Europe’s No. 1 economy, benefits substantially from the euro currency, makes her anything but a heroine in many feminist eyes. “The obsession with austerity across Europe has been really bad,” Ms. Maycock said. It hits women doubly, she argued, cutting public service jobs often held by women and leaving them bereft of the infrastructure  —   care for children and seniors, for instance  —   that enables them to work. Over the past decade, Ms. Maycock contended, austerity has been a big brake on women’s empowerment. “We’ve actually stopped progressing, more or less,” she said, citing a gender inequality index compiled by her group that showed 51. 5 percent progress toward full equality 10 years ago, compared with 52. 5 percent now. In general, she said, European countries with quotas tend to show an effect once the female membership of legislatures passes   she said. Over all in Europe, women account for about   of legislators, she said. The range is large: In Poland, for instance, a female prime minister, Beata Szydlo, is among 27 percent of female lawmakers in the lower house of Parliament after the 2015 elections introduced a quota system. But the upper house, which has no such mechanism, is only 13 percent women. Norway, one of the first European countries to adopt quotas, has had two female prime ministers and a female defense minister, mandates 40 percent female board membership in business. Ms. Maycock pointed to recently elected female mayors in Paris, Barcelona, Madrid and Rome as more examples of women’s getting power where it matters. But in the United States, Dr. Shames said, women are far more likely to be city council members than mayors and state legislators than governors. On both sides of the Atlantic, women still have important territory to take: While France has had a female defense minister, and Germany currently has one  —   Ursula von der Leyen, a married mother of seven  —   neither Britain nor the United States has entrusted defense to a woman. American finance, too, has remained firmly in the hands of men, on Wall Street as at the Treasury. And 2016 shocked many not just with Mrs. Clinton’s defeat  —   but with the triumph of Mr. Trump, despite accusations of misogyny, and with the murder of Jo Cox, a Labour Party legislator, who was stabbed by a man reportedly shouting “Britain First” days before the country voted to leave the European Union, which Ms. Cox opposed. In democracies from Australia through the United States and Europe, the thin pipeline of women ready to step up to the top in politics (and business) is an added cause for concern. In the United States, there are just five female governors right now, and 21 women in the Senate, Ms. Walsh said. “The bench is very small, and the potential pool of candidates is really very small,” she said, noting that most modern presidents (if not Mr. Trump) have been governors or senators first. That makes it doubly significant that more women are expressing an interest in entering politics after Mrs. Clinton’s defeat, she said."
372,17704,"Andy Murray, No. 1 and Newly Knighted, Still Has Room for More - The New York Times",New York Times,Christopher Clarey,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"MELBOURNE, Australia  —   “So Ivan, are you calling Andy ‘Sir’?” Ivan Lendl paused and then laughed, which would surely seem strange to those who know him only as Andy Murray’s   coach in the front row of the players’ box. “Definitely not,” Lendl said, chuckling some more before heading off down the crowded main hallway inside Rod Laver Arena at the Australian Open. Clearly, not much has changed in the Murray camp since his remarkable stretch run to the No. 1 ranking and a knighthood in 2016. He is still tough on himself on court and on the changeovers. Still Andy  —   not Sir Andy  —   to his peers and mentor in chief, Lendl. Still deadpan and droll with his voice that sounds as if it emanates from a mine shaft. Asked on Monday by the   interviewer John Fitzgerald how Murray’s wife, Kim, was handling the transition to Lady Kim, Murray said, “No more swearing during my matches, for anyone who saw that a few years ago. ” He was referring to Kim’s courtside language during his semifinal victory over Tomas Berdych at the 2015 Australian Open. Her tirade did not go unnoticed, and she returned for the final cheekily wearing a shirt that read, “Parental advisory explicit content. ” Presumably, Lady Kim won’t be wearing that sort of thing in the players’ box from here on, either (or at least she wasn’t on Monday). “I haven’t found it distracting really,” Murray said of the knighthood. “I mean, I found out about it four or five weeks ago. Maybe if it happened a day or so, two days before the tournament. But I’ve had enough time to get my head around it. ” Just as he has had plenty of time to prepare himself for the role of No. 1, however long it lasts. I asked him on Monday, after his stuttering     (5)     victory over Illya Marchenko, if there had been any downside to No. 1, thinking he might bring up extra demands or burdens. “No,” he said. “It’s been great. I think because it’s taken me so long to get there, obviously I want to try to stay there. But also I feel like I’m mature enough now to handle it. Maybe if it happens when you’re very young, you might feel extra pressures. The responsibilities might feel a bit much, but I think because I’m much older and more mature, it’s been good. ” The conventional tennis wisdom is that it is harder to hang on at the top than to reach the top. “I hope not,” Murray said. But for anyone who believes that he now has nowhere to go but down, that is hardly true in Australia. He has reached five singles finals in Melbourne and lost all five. No man has done so well at any Grand Slam tournament without breaking through to win the title. Others have lost five finals in the same major event, including Lendl, who lost five at the United States Open. But he also won three. Bill Johnston lost six finals at the United States Championships, but won the event twice. John Bromwich lost five finals at the Australian Championships in the   era, but won the title twice, too. Murray, at 29, is in unfortunately uncharted territory, all the more so because Novak Djokovic ended his own long run of frustration at the French Open last year by finally taking the title after reaching four semifinals and three finals. “Look, it’s still a remarkable record, five Slam finals in Australia, and deep down I think it means an enormous amount to Andy to finally complete the puzzle,” said Roger Rasheed, the Australian who once coached Lleyton Hewitt when Hewitt was chasing the title here without success. But Hewitt reached only one final in Melbourne. Murray is   here and has a better winning percentage at the Australian Open than at any other Grand Slam tournament except Wimbledon. “Andy’s been so close,” Rasheed said. “What more does he have to do? Well, it’s not a matter of big changes. It’s just been a matter of points and the moments. ” It’s a matter of the opposition, too. The first of Murray’s Australian Open defeats in the final came against Roger Federer in 2010. The last four came against Djokovic in 2011, 2013, 2015 and 2016. “Andy played Roger in his prime and has been playing Novak in his prime,” Rasheed said. “It’s a handful of points changing the way the match falls. Andy’s showing he’s in his prime now. He just needs to get there and roll the dice again. ” Murray’s timing may still not be quite right. He played a great deal of tennis down the stretch in 2016 and was beaten by Djokovic in a   final in Doha, Qatar, to start this season. Freshness just might be a factor down the stretch as well as Djokovic’s eagerness to restore the pecking order. But it does not seem quite right in light of their abilities that Djokovic has six Australian Open titles and Murray has not even one. He broke down in tears after losing to Federer in 2010. He stared vacantly into space after losses to Djokovic and sportingly came up with the right words amid major disappointment. And yet he insisted on Monday that his emotions were not mixed when he thought about this tournament. “Honestly, they’re totally positive,” said Murray, who plays    Andrey Rublev in the second round on Wednesday. “I’ve had a lot of tough losses here, for sure. But I love it here. Played some great matches as well, but just haven’t managed to win the final. But, you know, I keep coming back to try. I’ll keep doing that until I’m done, but I still feel like I’ve got a few years left to try and do it. ” He is, by any measure, due for a change of fortune in Melbourne. And if you like your sports with foreshadowing, the only other top tennis player to receive a knighthood was Sir Norman Brookes, the Australian star of the early 20th century. Guess whose name has been given to the trophy awarded to the men’s champion at the Australian Open?"
373,17706,F.B.I. Arrests Wife of Killer in Orlando Mass Shooting - The New York Times,New York Times,Adam Goldman and Alan Blinder,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   The F. B. I. arrested the wife of the man who carried out a deadly terrorist attack in Orlando, Fla. and charged her with obstructing the investigation of the mass shooting, law enforcement officials said on Monday. Noor Salman, whose husband, Omar Mateen, killed 49 people and wounded dozens in an Orlando nightclub that was popular with gays, was also charged with aiding and abetting by providing material support, the officials said. She was taken into custody by F. B. I. agents at her home outside San Francisco, where she had been living with her young son. Prosecutors had been weighing charges against her for months in the aftermath of the attack by her husband on June 12, 2016. Investigators interviewed Ms. Salman for hours after the attack and came to believe she was not telling the truth about her husband’s plans to carry out the rampage. A Justice Department spokesman said Ms. Salman would make her initial appearance on Tuesday morning in federal court in Oakland, Calif. The Justice Department’s decision to prosecute Ms. Salman, 30, ends part of the mystery that has surrounded her since the first days after the attack, when she became a central subject of the   investigation into her husband. “Noor Salman had no foreknowledge nor could she predict what Omar Mateen intended to do that tragic night,” said her lawyer, Linda Moreno. “Noor has told her story of abuse at his hands. We believe it is misguided and wrong to prosecute her and that it dishonors the memories of the victims to punish an innocent person. ” The aiding and abetting, a terrorism charge, suggests that prosecutors believe that Ms. Salman helped him in some way  —   either before or after the terrorist attack. The decision to charge her is not without risks for prosecutors. If the case goes to trial, prosecutors will have to contend with a jury that could be sympathetic to Ms. Salman, who said she was in an abusive relationship and living in fear. In an interview last year with The New York Times, Ms. Salman said she was “unaware of everything” in connection with the attack. Ms. Salman said she had accompanied her husband to Orlando with their child once when he scouted the club but did not know the purpose of the trip. On the day her husband drove to Orlando, she claimed he said he was going to visit a friend, named Nemo, who lived in Florida. But Nemo was not living in Florida at the time, a fact Ms. Salman said she did not know. She also said she had no reason to suspect that ammunition he bought in the days leading up to the attack was to be used in the shooting, given that her husband was a security guard who frequently purchased ammunition. On the day of the shooting, she bought her husband a Father’s Day card, expecting him to return that evening. Her lawyers believe that supports her story that she did not know about the attack. During his rampage, Mr. Mateen used Facebook to pledge his allegiance to the Islamic State. President Obama has said that Mr. Mateen “took in extremist information and propaganda over the internet and became radicalized. ” Federal investigators do not believe that Mr. Mateen, who was 29 and who was killed by the police after the shooting, received any specific training or support from the Islamic State. Part of their inquiry has focused on whether anyone in the United States assisted in his plans for the attack. There has perhaps been no figure more central to those questions than Ms. Salman, who grew up in an   home in Rodeo, Calif. near San Francisco. In Rodeo, on a diverse block populated by Chinese, Indian, Korean and Mexican families, neighbors recalled a younger Ms. Salman as warm and kind. Ms. Salman married Mr. Mateen in a ceremony near her childhood home in Northern California, a second marriage for both. After the wedding, Ms. Salman moved to Fort Pierce, Fla. where she and Mr. Mateen lived in a condominium complex. Their marriage in 2011 caused consternation among some of Ms. Salman’s relatives, mostly because of her Palestinian heritage and Mr. Mateen’s ancestral ties to Afghanistan. Ms. Salman said in the interview with The Times that her husband beat her repeatedly and verbally abused her. Members of Mr. Mateen’s family, who have tried to shield Ms. Salman from public scrutiny, have said they believe she did nothing improper. “She is shocked, that poor lady,” Seddique Mateen, Mr. Mateen’s father, said in June 2016. “And she doesn’t know anything. ” The Orlando police chief, John W. Mina, said in a statement that he was “glad to see” that Ms. Salman had been arrested. “Nothing can erase the pain we all feel about the senseless and brutal murders of 49 of our neighbors, friends, family members and loved ones,” the chief said. “But today, there is some relief in knowing that someone will be held accountable for that horrific crime. ” In two recent mass shootings, prosecutors have brought charges against people with ties to the attackers. In South Carolina, a friend of Dylann S. Roof, who was convicted of killing nine people on June 17, 2015, in a Charleston church, pleaded guilty in April to lying to federal investigators and misprision of a felony, or failing to inform authorities that a felony had been committed. The friend did not testify against Mr. Roof, who was sentenced to death last week. In 2015, the federal authorities in California brought charges against a neighbor of the husband and wife who killed 14 people and wounded 22 others in San Bernardino. The man, who bought the rifles used in the attack on Dec. 2, 2015, was accused of lying on forms filled out in connection with the purchase. Although he was also accused of planning a terrorist attack several years ago, the man was not charged with having a direct role in the San Bernardino rampage. However, federal prosecutors in the summer of 2014 declined to prosecute Katherine Russell, the wife of one of the assailants in the Boston Marathon bombing on April 15, 2013. F. B. I. agents believed she had made false statements to investigators and concealed knowledge of a crime."
374,17707,Cold War Jitters Resurface as U.S. Marines Arrive in Norway - The New York Times,New York Times,Dan Bilefsky and Henrik Pryser Libell,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"For Norwegians, the sight of dozens of American Marines traipsing through the snow in military fatigues  —   the first time foreign forces have been posted to their country’s territory since World War II  —   may have brought a welcomed sense of security, but it also harked back to a dark era of the Cold War that many had hoped to forget. A United States military plane on Monday delivered most of the 330 Marines to a garrison in Vaernes, in central Norway, a deployment that Norwegian officials said had been carried out by the United States as part of a bilateral agreement. It was the latest effort by the United States and its European allies to buttress their defenses against a resurgent Russia, which condemned the move. Despite being generally welcomed across the political spectrum, the arrival of the Marines from Camp Lejeune, N. C.  —   shown on Norwegian television dragging their suitcases through the snow  —   also provoked some jitters in Norway. A wealthy   country that is a member of NATO but not the European Union, the Nordic state has long prided itself on its independence. But the deployment recalled a Cold War era in which Russian intrigue grabbed headlines and Norwegians lived in fear of Soviet hegemony. Neuroses about Russia continue to exert influence in Norwegian popular culture. The political television thriller “Okkupert” depicts a future in which Norway is occupied by Russia, and with the backing of the European Union, takes over the country’s oil production. Such fears have been magnified in recent years with murky sightings of submarines across the region that have stoked concern about Russian espionage and military intervention. In October 2014, an unidentified vessel spotted off the Stockholm archipelago spurred Sweden’s largest mobilization since the Cold War and accusations that Russia was spying on the country. The episode, called “The Hunt for Reds in October” in the Swedish news media, included unsubstantiated reports of a man in black spotted wading near the vessel. It deeply unsettled the nation, even as the Kremlin issued strenuous denials and accused Stockholm of scaremongering. Then, in April 2015, the sudden appearance of an underwater vessel in Finland, which shares a long border with Russia, prompted the navy to fire depth charges  —   the first such warning in more than 10 years. And Lithuania on Monday said it plans to use European Union funding to build a fence on the border with Russia’s highly militarised Kaliningrad exclave to increase security and prevent smuggling, according to Agence  . Construction of the   $32 million fence will start this spring and will be finished by the end of the year, said Interior Minister Eimutis Misiunas. “The reasons are both economic to prevent smuggling and geopolitical to strengthen the E. U.’s external border,” Mr. Misiunas said. “It would not stop tanks but it will be difficult to climb over. ” In Moscow, the deployment of United States Marines in Norway has been met with disdain. After plans for the deployment were confirmed in October, Frants Klintsevich, a deputy chairman of Russia’s defense and security committee in the upper chamber of Parliament, was quoted by Russian news media as saying that the Kremlin viewed the Marines as a direct military threat. He also said the deployment made Norway a potential target for Moscow’s powerful arsenal, which includes nuclear weapons. On Monday, the Russian authorities reiterated their discontent. Maria Zakharova, a spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Ministry, said in an interview with NRK, the Norwegian public broadcaster, that the move “certainly will not improve relations. ” “The relationship between Norway and Russia is put to a test now,” she said. “Instead of developing economic cooperation, Norway is choosing to deploy United States troops on Norwegian soil. ” The deployment of the Marines, who will be stationed hundreds of miles from the border with Russia, comes as countries across Europe have been reinforcing their defenses out of concern over an increasingly assertive Russia. Last week, a convoy from an American armored brigade crossed the German border into Poland, the first installment of what are expected to be several thousand NATO troops to be based across Eastern Europe. Relations between the West and Russia in the Nordic region and beyond have been tense since that country’s annexation of Crimea in March 2014 and the outbreak of conflict between government forces and   rebels in eastern Ukraine. At the same time,   Donald J. Trump fanned alarm in Europe in the months leading to his election victory when he questioned whether the United States should automatically defend NATO allies if they were attacked, and predicated American support on the willingness of countries in the alliance to pay their fair share for military protection. In Norway, some lamented that the Marines’ arrival stood against the country’s traditions and threatened to make it a target of its much larger neighbor. Morten Harper, a leftist member of the local assembly that governs the area housing the military base, said the Marines’ arrival was ensnaring Norway into the United States’ “power struggle” with Russia. “We see an ever more tense foreign policy situation,” he said. “If there ever was to be a major conflict between the great powers in the future, this makes us a more likely bomb target. ” After World War II, Norway abandoned its neutral stance by joining NATO in 1949 and committing to the alliance’s doctrine of collective defense. But the country, which shares a   northern border with Russia, sought to placate Moscow by pledging that no foreign troops would be allowed to be permanently stationed on its soil. Norway’s defense minister, Ine Eriksen Soreide, said in an interview on Sunday that Russia had no reason to be alarmed by the Marines’ presence. She said that the deployment did not flout the     restriction because the Marines were there on a   trial period that was  . The Marines will take part in military exercises, involving skiing and surviving in Arctic temperatures, to hone their abilities to fight in tough winter conditions. It is part of a bilateral agreement between Oslo and Washington, but Norwegian officials said that, in the case of a conflict, the troops would probably fall under NATO’s command. Hedda B. Langemyr of the Norwegian Peace Council, a group made up of several nongovernmental organizations, said the deployment threatened to aggravate tension between Norway and Russia while breaching Norway’s tradition of not allowing permanent foreign troops on its soil. “It might give the hawks in Moscow arguments for a continued arms race,” she said."
375,17708,5 Killed at BPM Festival in Mexico - The New York Times,New York Times,Kirk Semple,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"MEXICO CITY  —   Five people were killed early Monday at a crowded nightclub in the popular Caribbean tourist destination of Playa del Carmen, Mexico, when an armed man who had been denied entry opened fire inside the club, prompting a gun battle and a stampede, officials said. Four of the victims, including three members of the security team that had blocked the gunman’s entry, were hit by bullets, and the fifth victim was trampled in the resulting pandemonium, the authorities said. The shooting occurred at the Blue Parrot nightclub, which was hosting the final night of the BPM Festival, an international electronic music event that draws fans from around the world. The gunman entered the club around 2:30 a. m. but was turned away at the door because he was carrying a weapon, said Miguel Ángel Pech, the state attorney for Quintana Roo State, on the Yucatán Peninsula. The man then opened fire, and as patrons threw themselves to the ground or rushed for the exits, security guards at the club “repelled” the attacker, Mr. Pech said, adding that the guards were apparently armed. The victims included two Canadians, a Colombian, an Italian and a Mexican, and at least 15 other people were injured, including at least three Americans, the authorities said. The gunman has not been captured or identified, but several people were detained soon after the shooting and were being held for questioning, officials said. Mr. Pech, speaking at a news conference on Monday morning, did not suggest why the gunman had tried to enter the club with a weapon, but he said the attack was not an act of terrorism. In an interview with Foro TV later in the day, the state attorney said that investigators had not discounted the possibility that the attack had something to do with a fight between criminal groups or with an extortion racket. Investigators at the scene have recovered 20 casings from three firearms, officials said, though it remained unclear whether some of the bullets had been fired by weapons belonging to the security personnel or, perhaps, to one or more patrons. Humera Hamad, a resident of El Paso, Tex. who was on vacation in Playa del Carmen, said she was in the club when the shooting started. “I couldn’t see anything,” she said in an interview. “I just heard a blast and ran out of there, then started jumping fences. ” She added, “I never looked back. ” Fabian González Camacho, 33, was standing outside the club, near the entrance, and ran for safety after the attack began. “I kept thinking: ‘This is going to be a massacre. They are going to kill us all,’” he said. Survivors sought sanctuary in other nightclubs and stores, he said. “A wave of panic, uncertainty and survival kicked in,” he said. “We were all vulnerable people, having fun, getting drunk, many also doing drugs, and then this happened. ” Videos taken after the shooting and posted online showed clubgoers rushing through the streets of the resort town and crouching beneath tables outside nearby clubs and bars, stricken faces bathed in the glow of neon lights. “We are overcome with grief over this senseless act of violence,” the BPM Festival management said in a statement posted on the company’s Facebook page. The festival is an annual   event that draws D. J. s, industry professionals and revelers from around the world to Playa del Carmen, on the Caribbean coast of the Yucatán. The shooting could put a dent in the robust tourism industry of the Yucatán, which has generally been less violent than many other places in Mexico, attracting millions of visitors to its white sand beaches and Mayan ruins."
376,17709,A Cry From the Heart: Michael Eric Dyson Addresses Race Head-On - The New York Times,New York Times,Patrick Phillips,2017-01-13,2017.0,1.0,,"TEARS WE CANNOT STOPA Sermon to White AmericaBy Michael Eric Dyson228 pp. St. Martin’s Press. $24. 99. One Sunday in 1984, my father did something unexpected, at least for a white man in Georgia. He drove us past the little rural church we usually attended and kept going 40 miles south, all the way to Atlanta’s Ebenezer Baptist  —   home parish of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and an epicenter of the American civil rights movement. Reading Michael Eric Dyson’s “Tears We Cannot Stop: A Sermon to White America,” I was often reminded of that morning, when I was first exposed to the righteous anger, wry humor and unflinching honesty of a black pastor, determined to guide and teach his flock. While Dyson is best known as a writer and sociologist, he is also an ordained Baptist minister, and his new book draws both its impassioned style and its moral urgency from his years in the pulpit. At a time when one video after another has forced us to acknowledge that unarmed   are regularly killed by the police, Dyson desperately wants his readers to confront the sources of that violence in our nation’s longstanding culture of white supremacy. But he also knows how many political arguments and sociological studies have fallen on deaf ears. And so rather than a treatise, “Tears We Cannot Stop” is a fiery sermon, and an unabashedly emotional, personal appeal. “What I need to say” to white America, Dyson writes, can only be said in “a plea, a cry, a sermon, from my heart to yours. ” The result is one of the most frank and searing discussions of race I have ever read. This is a book that will anger some readers, especially those who reject Dyson’s central premise: that if we want true racial equality in America, whites themselves must destroy the enduring myths of white supremacy. Even sympathetic readers might mistake this extraordinary work for merely a catalog of white sins. But such a reading fails to account for the actual experience of Dyson’s sermon, in which a black preacher speaks to his white congregants in the most tender, intimate terms, even as he preaches against a culture of “whiteness” that “grows more shameless, more cruel, more uncaring by the day. ” Dyson is all too familiar with the claims of innocence and the kneejerk defensiveness that will surely greet this book, and yet he sets out to conquer such denial not only with the difficult truth but also, astonishingly, with love. “Beloved,” he writes, in the voice of one ministering to the sick, “your white innocence is a burden to you, a burden to the nation, a burden to our progress. It is time to let it go, to let it die in the place of the black bodies it wills into nonbeing. ” Many white readers may wince, as I did, to hear their own indifference to black suffering named with such precision, and some, desperate not to face their involvement in America’s systems of racial oppression, might abandon this book altogether. But that would be to miss an essential lesson. For again and again Dyson makes it clear that more than white guilt, he seeks action, and more than condemnation, he wants change. He wants readers to wake from their sleep of ignorance about “what it means to be black in America. ” Reading his praise for James Baldwin, I couldn’t help thinking that the same is true of Dyson himself: “His words drip with the searing eloquence of an evangelist of race determined to get to the brutal bottom of America’s original sin. ” If there is a criticism here, it is that Dyson gathers steam slowly, and his opening “Hymns of Praise” to   artists give little indication of the moral power to come. But this is a small quibble with a deeply serious, urgent book, which should take its place in the tradition of Baldwin’s “The Fire Next Time” and King’s “Why We Can’t Wait. ” The comparison might at first seem hyperbolic, but like those books, “Tears We Cannot Stop” is a lament, originating from within the grieving heart of black America, aimed directly at white readers who are often too frightened, or indifferent, or ashamed, to look a man like Michael Eric Dyson in the eyes. I can only hope that others will read and be changed by this book. It ends with a desperate plea for white Americans to rise up in defense of, and in solidarity with, our   brothers and sisters. In response, I say simply: Amen."
377,17710,Eight Crossings and 192 Atoms Long: the Tightest Knot Ever Tied - The New York Times,New York Times,Nicholas Bakalar,2017-01-24,2017.0,1.0,,"British scientists have tied the tightest knot ever tied and, as unlikely as it may seem, this is important. Knots are useful in everyday life and specific kinds of knots are suitable for specific tasks  —   bowlines, cleats, hitches and nooses all hold things together in different ways. The same is true on the molecular level, where braided or knotted strings of atoms and molecules can be put together in different patterns with varying characteristics. Until now, scientists have been able to create only simple molecular knots with three or five crossings of strands. Now researchers, in a study published in Science, have described a way to tie a much more complicated, and therefore much stronger, knot. Everyone knows, for example, that Kevlar is very strong  —   impenetrable even to a bullet. But why? Its molecules connect to form long chains that run parallel to each other. Together these molecules form an extremely strong yet flexible material. But the structure of Kevlar is relatively simple: identical molecules packed tightly next to each other like pencils in a pencil box. Knotted or woven strands of molecules, on the other hand, can potentially create an even more flexible, lighter and stronger material  —   a tightly knit sweater on the molecular level. To create their stronger knot, a team of researchers mixed oxygen, nitrogen and carbon in a solution with metal ions. The organic molecules wrap themselves around sticky iron ions and chloride ions, crossing in just the right ways and at just the right points. The loose ends were then sealed together chemically, forming a completely tied knot with eight crossings. The number of crossings made the knot much tighter than anything that had ever been achieved before at the molecular level. The entire loop is tiny, the length of 192 atoms. David A. Leigh, a chemistry professor at the University of Manchester and a   of the study, said that while the technique was still some time away from any practical application, the potential is clear. “Knotting and weaving have led to breakthrough technologies since prehistoric times, when men first learned to make fishing nets or weave fabrics to keep warm,” he said. “Knots are just as important at the molecular level, but we can’t exploit them until we learn how to make them. ”"
378,17711,Chelsea Manning to Be Released Early as Obama Commutes Sentence - The New York Times,New York Times,Charlie Savage,2017-01-21,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   President Obama on Tuesday commuted all but four months of the remaining prison sentence of Chelsea Manning, the Army intelligence analyst convicted of a 2010 leak that revealed American military and diplomatic activities across the world, disrupted Mr. Obama’s administration and brought global prominence to WikiLeaks, the recipient of those disclosures. The decision by Mr. Obama rescued Ms. Manning, who twice tried to kill herself last year, from an uncertain future as a transgender woman incarcerated at the men’s military prison at Fort Leavenworth, Kan. She has been jailed for nearly seven years, and her   sentence was by far the longest punishment ever imposed in the United States for a leak conviction. At the same time that Mr. Obama commuted the sentence of Ms. Manning, a   enlisted soldier at the time of her leaks, he also pardoned James E. Cartwright, the retired Marine general and former vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff who pleaded guilty to lying about his conversations with reporters to F. B. I. agents investigating a leak of classified information about cyberattacks on Iran’s nuclear program. The two acts of clemency were a remarkable final step for a president whose administration carried out an unprecedented criminal crackdown on leaks of government secrets. Depending on how they are counted, the Obama administration has prosecuted either nine or 10 such cases, more than were charged under all previous presidencies combined. In addition, Mr. Obama on Tuesday commuted the sentence of Oscar Lopez Rivera, who was part of a Puerto Rican nationalist group that carried out a string of bombings in the late 1970s and early 1980s the other members of that group had long since been freed. Mr. Obama also granted 63 other pardons and 207 other commutations, mostly for drug offenders. Under the terms of the commutation announced by the White House on Tuesday, Ms. Manning is set to be freed on May 17 of this year rather than in 2045. A senior administration official said the   delay was part of a standard transition period for commutations to time served, and was designed to allow for such steps as finding a place for Ms. Manning to live after her release. The commutation also relieved the Defense Department of the difficult responsibility of Ms. Manning’s incarceration as she pushes for treatment for her gender dysphoria, including sex reassignment surgery, that the military has no experience providing. But the move was sharply criticized by several prominent Republicans, including the chairmen of the House and Senate armed services committees, Representative Mac Thornberry of Texas and Senator John McCain of Arizona, who called her leaks “espionage” and said they had put American troops and the country at risk. Speaker Paul D. Ryan called it “outrageous. ” “President Obama now leaves in place a dangerous precedent that those who compromise our national security won’t be held accountable for their crimes,” he said in a statement. But in a joint statement, Nancy Hollander and Vince Ward  —   two lawyers who have been representing Ms. Manning in appealing her conviction and sentence, and who filed the commutation application  —   praised the decision. “Ms. Manning is the     in the history of the United States,” they said. “Her   sentence for disclosing information that served the public interest and never caused harm to the United States was always excessive, and we’re delighted that justice is being served in the form of this commutation. ” In recent days, the White House had signaled that Mr. Obama was seriously considering granting Ms. Manning’s commutation application, in contrast to a pardon application submitted on behalf of the other   leaker of the era, Edward J. Snowden, the former intelligence contractor who disclosed archives of   surveillance files and is living as a fugitive in Russia. Asked about the two clemency applications on Friday, the White House spokesman, Josh Earnest, discussed the “pretty stark difference” between Ms. Manning’s case for mercy and Mr. Snowden’s. While their offenses were similar, he said, there were “some important differences. ” “Chelsea Manning is somebody who went through the military criminal justice process, was exposed to due process, was found guilty, was sentenced for her crimes, and she acknowledged wrongdoing,” he said. “Mr. Snowden fled into the arms of an adversary and has sought refuge in a country that most recently made a concerted effort to undermine confidence in our democracy. ” Mr. Earnest also noted that while the documents Ms. Manning provided to WikiLeaks were “damaging to national security,” the ones Mr. Snowden disclosed were “far more serious and far more dangerous. ” (None of the documents Ms. Manning disclosed were classified above the merely “secret” level.) Ms. Manning was still known as Bradley Manning when she deployed with her unit to Iraq in late 2009. There, she worked as a   intelligence analyst helping her unit assess insurgent activity in the area it was patrolling, a role that gave her access to a classified computer network. She copied hundreds of thousands of military incident logs from the Afghanistan and Iraq wars, which, among other things, exposed abuses of detainees by Iraqi military officers working with American forces and showed that civilian deaths in the Iraq war were probably much higher than official estimates. The files she copied also included about 250, 000 diplomatic cables from American embassies showing sensitive deals and conversations, dossiers detailing intelligence assessments of Guantánamo detainees held without trial, and a video of an American helicopter attack in Baghdad in which two Reuters journalists were killed, among others. She decided to make all these files public, as she wrote at the time, in the hope that they would incite “worldwide discussion, debates and reforms. ” WikiLeaks disclosed them  —   working with traditional news organizations including The New York Times  —   bringing notoriety to the group and its founder, Julian Assange. The disclosures set off a frantic scramble as Obama administration officials sought to minimize any potential harm, including getting to safety some foreigners in dangerous countries who were identified as having helped American troops or diplomats. Prosecutors, however, presented no evidence that anyone had been killed because of the leaks. At her   Ms. Manning confessed in detail to her actions and apologized, saying she had not intended to put anyone at risk and noting that she had been “dealing with a lot of issues” at the time she made her decision. Testimony showed that she had been in a mental and emotional crisis as she came to grips, amid the stress of a war zone, with the fact that she was not merely gay but had gender dysphoria. She had been behaving erratically, including angry outbursts and lapsing into catatonia midsentence. At one point, she had emailed a photograph of herself in a woman’s wig to her supervisor. Prosecutors said that because the secret material was made available for publication on the internet, anyone, including Al Qaeda, could read it. And they accused Ms. Manning of treason, charging her with multiple counts under the Espionage Act, as well as with “aiding the enemy,” a potential capital offense, although they said they would not seek her execution. Ms. Manning confessed and pleaded guilty to a lesser version of those charges without any deal to cap her sentence. But prosecutors pressed forward with a trial and won convictions on the more serious versions of those charges a military judge acquitted her of “aiding the enemy. ” In her commutation application, Ms. Manning said she had not imagined that she would be sentenced to the “extreme” term of 35 years, a term for which there was “no historical precedent. ” (There have been only a handful of leak cases, and most sentence are one to three years.) After her sentencing, Ms. Manning announced that she was transgender and changed her name to Chelsea. The military, under pressure from a lawsuit filed on her behalf by Chase Strangio of the American Civil Liberties Union, has permitted her to partly transition to life as a woman, including giving her   hormones and letting her wear women’s undergarments and light cosmetics. But it has not let her grow her hair longer than male military standards, citing security risks, and Ms. Manning said she had yet to be permitted to see a surgeon about the possibility of sex reassignment surgery. Until recently, the military discharged transgender soldiers. In June, Secretary of Defense Ashton B. Carter changed that policy and said the military would instead provide treatment for them, eventually including such surgery if doctors said it was necessary.   Donald J. Trump mocked that change as excessively “politically correct,” raising the possibility that he will rescind it. But even if he does, Ms. Manning will soon no longer be subject to the military’s control."
379,17712,Chelsea Manning Describes Bleak Life in a Men’s Prison - The New York Times,New York Times,Charlie Savage,2017-01-14,2017.0,1.0,,"Most mornings at 4:30, half an hour before the “first call” awakens inmates at the Fort Leavenworth military prison in Kansas, an alarm rings within an    cell. Inmate 89289, slightly built with short hair, rises to apply makeup and don female undergarments and a brown uniform before the   men in the adjacent cells stir. That is the routine for Chelsea Manning, America’s most famous convicted leaker and the prison’s most unusual inmate. She is serving the longest sentence ever imposed for disclosing government secrets  —   35 years  —   and her status as a celebrity of sorts and an incarcerated transgender woman presents continuing difficulties for the military. During the day, Ms. Manning, who was an Army intelligence analyst known as Bradley Manning when she disclosed archives of secret military and diplomatic files to WikiLeaks in 2010, builds picture frames and furniture in the prison wood shop. In the evenings, before the 10:05 p. m. lockdown, she reads through streams of letters, including from antisecrecy enthusiasts who view her as a  . “I am always busy. I have a backlog of things to do: legal, administrative, press inquiries, and writing  —   lots of writing,” Ms. Manning wrote in response to questions submitted by The Times because the Army does not permit her to speak directly to journalists. “Being me is a   job. ” But Ms. Manning, who is struggling to transition to life as a woman while enduring a bleak existence at a male military prison, has asked President Obama to commute the remainder of her sentence before he leaves office next week. She poses particular challenges as a prisoner, with a volunteer support network that helps bring global attention to her treatment, fragile mental state  —   she twice tried to commit suicide in 2016  —   and need for treatment that the military has no experience providing. Her request comes as the world is again focused on WikiLeaks and its founder, Julian Assange, whom her leaks made famous. The organization last year published Clinton campaign emails, obtained in a hacking, as part of what American intelligence officials claim was a covert Russian operation aimed at tilting the election to   Donald J. Trump. (Ms. Manning declined to discuss WikiLeaks, saying only that her decision to send documents to it “was neither an endorsement nor an affiliation. ”) It also comes at a time of flux in the military’s policies on gender identity. Last June, the Obama administration rescinded a ban on transgender people serving in the military and began overhauling its practices, which eventually would include providing gender reassignment surgery. But Mr. Trump has derided the lifting of the ban as “politically correct,” raising the possibility that his administration may roll back the changes. The White House declined to comment on Ms. Manning’s commutation request. The Army declined to comment about her situation at Fort Leavenworth, citing privacy laws. A military prosecutor had called Ms. Manning a “traitor” at her 2013   and officials have said the disclosures disrupted government operations and put people at risk, although prosecutors did not claim anyone was killed because of them. In a statement accompanying her petition asking Mr. Obama to reduce her sentence to the nearly seven years she already has served, Ms. Manning, now 29, said she never intended to hurt anyone and pleaded for a chance to start her life over. “I need help,” she wrote. “I am living through a cycle of anxiety, anger, hopelessness, loss, and depression. I cannot focus. I cannot sleep. I attempted to take my own life. ” On Aug. 22, 2013, the day after her sentencing for sending documents to WikiLeaks, Ms. Manning’s lawyer read a statement on the “Today” show announcing that she was female, wanted to be called “Chelsea” rather than “Bradley” and would seek   hormone therapy. To observers of her   this was no surprise. Her motivation for leaking hundreds of thousands of files she had copied from a classified computer network while serving in Iraq, as she wrote at the time, was hope that they would spark “worldwide discussion, debates, and reforms. ” But at her trial, she apologized and noted that she was “dealing with a lot of issues” when she had made that decision. Testimony showed that she had been in a mental and emotional crisis as she came to grips, in the stress of a war zone, with the fact that she was not merely gay, as she had believed while growing up in Oklahoma, but had gender dysphoria  —   a disconnect between one’s gender identity and sex assigned at birth. In the months before her leaks and May 2010 arrest, she had been behaving erratically and emailed a picture of herself wearing a woman’s wig to her supervisor. The military sent Ms. Manning to serve out her sentence as a   inmate at the Fort Leavenworth Disciplinary Barracks, its main prison for male inmates. Court documents show that Ms. Manning has had counseling sessions with a prison psychologist, Dr. Ellen Galloway, at least once a week, and military authorities have over time allowed her access to some treatments doctors prescribed for her gender dysphoria, in part because of pressure from a lawsuit filed by Chase Strangio, a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union, in September 2014. She can now wear female prison undergarments, including a sports bra, and “subdued cosmetics. ” In early 2015, she was permitted to get speech therapy to feminize the tone and pitch of her voice and began   hormone therapy prescribed, Mr. Strangio said, by an endocrinologist brought in from the military’s Walter Reed hospital. Since then, Ms. Manning wrote, she has developed breasts and curvier hips. “There have been significant changes since I’ve been taking the hormones, and I am happy with them,” she said. But, citing security risks, the military rejected the recommendation of an outside psychologist who said she should be permitted to further feminize her appearance by growing her hair longer than male military standards. Mr. Strangio is helping her challenge that restriction. “Plaintiff feels like a freak and a weirdo  —   not because having short hair makes a person less of a woman  —   but because for her, it undermines specifically recommended treatment and sends the message to everyone that she is not a ‘real’ woman,” he wrote in a court filing. “She is getting hormones, but it sounds like the inability to socially transition, or to have surgery, could be contributing to suicidality  —   especially when she is looking at decades in prison and thus a certain hopelessness about whether that might ever be available for her,” said Dan Karasic, a University of California, San Francisco psychiatrist and the chairman of the American Psychiatric Association’s work group on gender dysphoria he cautioned that he had not examined her. The military turned down a request by The New York Times to visit the facility. But an Army spokesman, Wayne Hall, provided written answers from the Army Corrections Command to questions posed by The Times, from which a sketch of her environment emerged. Ms. Manning’s cell, like others at Fort Leavenworth, contains a bed, toilet, sink, locker, storage bin, chair and desk, according to the Army. She showers in a nearby communal bathroom with individual stalls. She has no access to the internet, but says she receives “at least a couple hundred pieces of mail every week. ” The Army does not permit her to see people who did not know her before her incarceration, so she is not allowed to meet with a handful of volunteers who have formed an informal network of supporters, but she calls one of them daily. A volunteer who relayed questions from The Times to her asked not to be named, citing security concerns. Ms. Manning said she recently finished reading “Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies,” a book about artificial intelligence by the Swedish philosopher Nick Bostrom, and “1Q84,” a dystopian novel by Haruki Murakami. She is interested in efforts to develop stronger encryption and has been “going through” the “Princeton Companion to Mathematics. ” She also said she reads women’s athletic, fashion and lifestyle magazines like Shape, Vogue, Vanity Fair and Cosmopolitan. Her cell door has a window looking onto a central “day room” with tables, chairs, pay phones and televisions. For a time, Ms. Manning played Dungeons  Dragons with a few fellow inmates, but she said she had had no time in recent months. She eats meals with other inmates in a dining facility and works on a team at the wood shop. The roughly 424 inmates held at Fort Leavenworth with Ms. Manning include men accused of routine crimes as well as some who drew public attention, including Nidal Hasan, convicted in a 2009 mass shooting at Fort Hood and held on the prison’s death row wing, and Robert Bales, who murdered 16 Afghans in Kandahar and was sentenced to life without parole in August 2013. Ms. Manning declined to say much about the guards or fellow inmates, other than to say that they have never bullied or attacked her. “It’s best to keep to yourself and try not to get involved in any drama,” she wrote. “It’s a little harder for me to keep to myself, since the staff is constantly watching me and those that interact with me. But I’m used to it by now. I don’t feel threatened by the other prisoners. I have friends. ” Her special status at Fort Leavenworth is evident. Nancy Hollander, one of the lawyers working on the appeal of her conviction and sentence, said the Army built a special secure information facility in a windowless basement room so she could meet with them and discuss   documents she leaked. While Ms. Manning said she could not say on her monitored phone calls “anything critical of the prison or the current administration or I can get charged for violation of a lawful general order,” her supporters pay close attention to her treatment. Scrutiny of the military’s struggles to deal with Ms. Manning go back to her confinement at the Quantico, Va. brig after her arrest, when she was held for months in isolation, shackled during exercise and sometimes stripped of clothing and glasses to prevent her from harming herself  —   even after a prison psychologist said such steps were unnecessary. A military judge ruled that the treatment had been illegal. At Leavenworth, after a minor disagreement with a guard in 2015, officials punished her, among other things, for “medical misuse” because they found a tube of toothpaste in her cell that was past its expiration date. Her supporters publicized the incident. In September, her supporters issued a news release saying she was on a hunger strike because of an “overzealous administrative scrutiny” and lack of progress in getting more treatment. She resumed eating after five days. Mr. Strangio said an official told her she would be eligible for the same medical treatment as   transgender soldiers, suggesting she would eventually be permitted to proceed with surgery. But months have passed, and Ms. Manning wrote that she has not seen a surgeon. Later in September, a prison board disciplined Ms. Manning for the disruption a July suicide attempt had caused. The punishment: solitary confinement. While in isolation in October, she tried again to kill herself  —   by choking herself on a piece of clothing, according to a support network member  —   before guards intervened. About a week further into that stint in solitary, she experienced a bizarre episode in which four people impersonating guards simulated breaking into the prison one night and pretended to kill her regular guards, filling her with fear, according to an account she filed with the army inspector general. A military official denied her account. Dr. Stuart Grassian, a specialist in the psychological effects of solitary confinement, said her description is consistent with hallucinations often experienced by unstable people placed in isolation. Now, with 28 years of her sentence to go and uncertainty over whether the Trump administration will deny her   surgery, Ms. Manning is hoping Mr. Obama will take mercy on her and free her from military prison, which goes by the acronym U. S. D. B. “I am not asking for a pardon of my conviction. I understand that the various collateral consequences of the   conviction will stay on my record forever,” she wrote in her commutation application. “I am merely asking for a first chance to live my life outside the U. S. D. B. as the person I was born to be. ”"
380,17714,Obama Commutes Sentence of F.A.L.N. Member Oscar Lopez Rivera - The New York Times,New York Times,Christopher Mele,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"President Obama on Tuesday commuted the sentence of a man convicted for his role in a Puerto Rican nationalist group linked to more than 100 bombings in New York and other cities in the 1970s and 1980s. The man, Oscar Lopez Rivera, was serving a   sentence after being convicted of numerous charges, including seditious conspiracy, a charge used for those plotting to overthrow the United States government. He was linked to the radical group known as the F. A. L. N. the Spanish acronym for the Armed Forces of National Liberation, and was one of more than a dozen group members convicted in the 1980s. Under Mr. Obama’s commutation order, Mr. Lopez Rivera’s prison sentence will expire May 17. It was one of 209 grants of commutation by the president announced Tuesday. The F. A. L. N. which waged a violent campaign for the independence of Puerto Rico, was considered by the authorities to be among the most elusive and resilient terrorist groups to operate in the United States. Among its notable attacks was a bombing at Fraunces Tavern in New York in 1975 that killed four people. The group was known for its   membership, fanatical zeal and    tactics, as exemplified by the bombings of four government buildings in Manhattan and Brooklyn on New Year’s Eve in 1982 that seriously wounded three police officers. Mr. Lopez Rivera was not specifically charged in the Fraunces Tavern bombing but more broadly with, among other things, the interstate transportation of firearms with the intent to commit violent crimes, and transportation of explosives with intent to kill and injure people and to destroy government buildings and property. President Bill Clinton offered Mr. Lopez Rivera and other members of the F. A. L. N. clemency in 1999, a decision that stirred an emotional debate. Mr. Clinton said their sentences were out of proportion with their offenses. While 12 prisoners accepted the offer and were freed, Mr. Lopez Rivera rejected the chance to reduce his sentence because it did not include all of the group’s members, his lawyer, Jan Susler, said at the time. If he had accepted the agreement, she said, he would have been eligible for release in 2009. A senior Obama administration official said on Tuesday that Mr. Lopez Rivera, 74, had served nearly half of his life in prison and was the only F. A. L. N. member still in prison. In 1981, he was sentenced to 55 years for seditious conspiracy and in 1988 was sentenced to an additional 15 years for conspiring to escape from a prison in Fort Leavenworth, Kan. The news on Tuesday was received with jubilation by some on social media. On Twitter,   Miranda, the creator of the Broadway musical “Hamilton,” wrote: “Sobbing with gratitude here in London. OSCAR LOPEZ RIVERA IS COMING HOME. THANK YOU, @POTUS. ” Over the years, supporters of Mr. Lopez Rivera have tried to have him freed on parole. The National Boricua Human Rights Network in 2011 said that he posed no threat to the public and that others who were released went on to have productive,   lives. A lawyer for Mr. Lopez Rivera, Jan Susler, said in an interview on Tuesday that there was widespread support for the commutation of his sentence. “Really the only controversy is that this man was still in prison after 35 years after not being convicted of hurting or killing anyone,” she said. In an earlier interview with El Nuevo Día, Mr. Lopez said: “I want to enjoy Puerto Rico, my family. But I like to work. I have some skills  —   organizing, helping young people  —   that I want to share with people. ”"
381,17715,Trump Entering White House Unbent and Unpopular - The New York Times,New York Times,Peter Baker,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   In one way at least,   Donald J. Trump has already surpassed all of his recent predecessors. It took Barack Obama 18 months in the White House for his approval rating to slip to 44 percent in Gallup polling, and it took George W. Bush 4½ years to fall that far. Mr. Trump got there before even being sworn in. Indeed, Mr. Trump will take office on Friday with less popular support than any new president in modern times, according to an array of surveys, a sign that he has failed to rally Americans behind him, beyond the base that helped him win in November. Rather than a unifying moment, his transition to power has seen a continuation of the polarization of the election last year. Where other presidents used the weeks before their inauguration to put the animosities of the campaign behind them and to try to knit the country together again, Mr. Trump has approached the interregnum as if he were a television wrestling star. He has taken on a civil rights icon, a Hollywood actress, intelligence agencies, defense contractors, European leaders and President Obama. The healing theme common at this stage in the   presidential cycle is absent. “He seems to want to engage with every windmill that he can find, rather than focus on the large aspect of assuming the most important position on earth,” Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, said on CNN on Tuesday. “And obviously, apparently, according to the polls, many Americans are not happy with that approach when he has not even assumed the presidency. ” Two polls out on Tuesday  —   one by CNN and ORC and another by The Washington Post and ABC News  —   found that just 40 percent of Americans approved of Mr. Trump’s performance heading into the inauguration on Friday. NBC News and The Wall Street Journal put his approval rating at 44 percent, calling it the lowest rating ever for an incoming president. By comparison, shortly after their inaugurations, Mr. Obama was at 68 percent and Mr. Bush was at 57 percent in Gallup surveys. Both used the time after their initial victories to preach a message of inclusion and to extend a hand to their opposition, even if it did not ultimately last. Mr. Trump’s advisers said privately that his unexpected rise to power showed that such traditional barometers did not matter as much anymore. If polls were to be believed, he would not have been president, they said. Still, the anemic numbers clearly irritated Mr. Trump, who lashed out on Tuesday. “The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls,” he wrote on Twitter. “They are rigged just like before. ” Although polling in several Midwest battleground states failed to accurately reflect the actual results on Election Day, national polls generally came within a percentage point of the actual popular vote, which Hillary Clinton won with 48 percent to Mr. Trump’s 46 percent. For Mr. Trump, the worry about approval ratings would be less about what it might mean for the next election, still years away, but about how such numbers are interpreted by members of Congress, who historically have been more deferential to popular presidents than unpopular ones. “Every president starts off with a   account with Congress that eventually draws down,” said Phil Schiliro, who was Mr. Obama’s White House legislative director in his first term. “As approval ratings drop, the account sinks very quickly. And that makes it much harder to bring Congress along on the president’s priorities. ” Steve Israel, a Democrat who represented New York in the House, said the biggest challenge for Mr. Trump might be with nervous members of his own party. “Right now, Trump’s numbers are kryptonite for 21 House Republicans in districts that he lost,” he said. “So not only does he begin with low poll numbers, he begins with a significant potential bloc of resistance in his own caucus. ” But Mr. Trump has shown that he intends to lead more through force of personality than through the breadth of his coalition. Brash and uninhibited, he seeks out enemies and allows few slights to go unanswered. He has repaired bridges with some critics, like Mitt Romney, but has made only sporadic efforts to reach out to parts of the public that have not supported him. His strongest supporters cheer his pugnacious style, and he argues that it has gotten results, like when House Republicans backed off plans to undercut the authority of the Office of Congressional Ethics, or major employers reversed plans to move jobs overseas after he wrote on Twitter about his disapproval. “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U. S. (even before taking office) with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing ‘big stuff,’ ” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter on Tuesday. For many years, presidents and their advisers quaked at polls that showed a drop in their ratings, fearful that it would hurt their ability to command the stage and to enact their agendas. The last two presidents governed for long stretches with less than majority support, which clearly limited their capacity to advance major legislation. But they both also demonstrated that they could still make at least some progress. Mr. Bush never had the support of more than 50 percent of Americans for nearly his entire second term and fell into the 20s before leaving office. Still, he ignored poll numbers and the opposition of Democrats to send reinforcements to Iraq to turn around a losing war. Mr. Obama never fell as far, but he went for many months below 50 percent and turned to his executive authority to enact policies on immigration and the environment. He rebounded in public standing in the last few months and will leave office at 56 percent in the   poll, near his highest marks. Some Republicans now say Mr. Trump has rewritten the rule book. “Polling more and more is a false god,” said Ron Kaufman, the White House political director under President George Bush and a longtime Republican strategist. “We all play to it, but it’s a false god. I just think it’s no longer reliable as a judge. ” Mary Matalin, who was a top counselor to Vice President Dick Cheney, who ignored his own low approval ratings while in office to focus on advancing his national security agenda, said Mr. Trump “has ushered in a new political paradigm” that has upended   assumptions. “Trump has exposed the inadequacy and fallibility of   domestic political strategy of governing by polls and contrived expectations,” she said. “In the new Trump world, it has already been proven prima facie absurd to presume personal approval numbers to be more   than policy approval. ”"
382,17717,Fear Spurs Support for Health Law as Republicans Work to Repeal It - The New York Times,New York Times,Robert Pear,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump and congressional Republicans appear to have accomplished a feat that President Obama, with all the power at his disposal, could not in the past seven years: They have galvanized outspoken support for the Affordable Care Act. People who benefit from the law are flooding Congress with testimonials. Angry consumers are confronting Republican lawmakers. And Democrats who saw the law as a political liability in recent elections have suddenly found their voice, proudly defending the law now that it is in trouble. Thousands of people across the country held rallies over the weekend to save the health care law, which Republicans moved last week to repeal with a first but crucial legislative step. A widely circulated video showed Representative Mike Coffman, Republican of Colorado, eluding constituents who had wanted to meet with him to express their concerns on Saturday at a community event in Aurora, Colo. Rallies on Sunday to save the health law drew robust crowds around the country. “We are here today  —   thousands strong in Boston, and at more rallies all across this country  —   because we will make our voices heard,” Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, told a crowd outside Faneuil Hall in Boston. “If Republicans try to rip health care out of the hands of millions of Americans, we will fight them every step of the way. ” And progressive groups are planning a     bus tour to fight the repeal effort, starting Tuesday. With their quick strike on the law in the first days of the new Congress, Republicans had hoped to begin the repeal process before a backlash could develop or opposition could be organized. But congressional Republicans are at risk of losing the message war, especially since they are fighting on two fronts. On one side, the   has repeatedly lobbed disruptive demands at them, such as his insistence that they prepare a replacement health bill almost immediately. To that, he added a new promise over the weekend: that the Republican version would provide “insurance for everybody. ” On the other front, Democratic lawmakers have taken to quoting grateful constituents to personalize what can be an arcane legislative fight: Bryce in Seattle Randy in Rhinelander, Wis. Nicole in Hockessin, Del. and many more. The focus of public attention appears to be shifting from the   defects of the health care law to the plaintive pleas of people terrified of losing insurance if the law is repealed. “I want to thank President Obama from the bottom of my heart because I would be dead if it weren’t for him,” Jeff Jeans, a   man from Sedona, Ariz. who described himself as a lifelong Republican, told Speaker Paul D. Ryan on Thursday at a    meeting televised on CNN. Republicans acknowledge their constituents’ concerns, but they say supporters of the health law are manufacturing them. Representative Rob Woodall, Republican of Georgia, blamed Democrats for “amping up anxiety” with “fear mongering. ” “The anxiety is real,” Mr. Woodall said, “but it’s real based on the failures of the president’s health care law. ” Republicans will soon face a new challenge: maintaining anger at “Obamacare” without Mr. Obama in the White House to stir their passions. Regardless of its provenance, the law’s support has until now received less attention. Appearing on the NBC News program “Meet the Press” five days after Mr. Obama signed the Affordable Care Act in 2010, Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, predicted that as people learned about the law, “it’s going to become more and more popular. ” Around 20 million Americans have gained coverage through the Affordable Care Act’s online insurance marketplaces or through its expansion of Medicaid, and enrollment has continued to grow. About 11. 5 million people have signed up for marketplace plans or had their coverage automatically renewed for this year, nearly 300, 000 more than at this time last year, the Obama administration said this month. But the popularity bounce never came. Public opinion remains deeply divided, with the law no more popular today than when it was passed. In December, according to a monthly tracking poll by the Kaiser Family Foundation, 46 percent of Americans had unfavorable views of the law, up from 40 percent in April 2010. The share with favorable views slipped to 43 percent, from 46 percent in April 2010. “In the short term, the A. C. A. has been a political disaster for President Obama and the Democrats,” Dr. Ezekiel J. Emanuel, a health policy adviser in the Obama White House from 2009 to 2011, said in a 2014 book. As Congress took a first step last week toward rolling back Mr. Obama’s signature domestic achievement, Mr. Trump celebrated. “The ‘Unaffordable’ Care Act will soon be history!” he said on Twitter. Some Democrats distanced themselves from the Obama administration after HealthCare. gov crashed on its debut in 2013. More recently, with premiums soaring and insurers defecting from the Affordable Care Act marketplace in many states, Democrats were hard put to defend the law, which was passed without any Republican votes. But as Mr. Trump and congressional Republicans race to repeal the law, Democrats are taking a more aggressive stance. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Democrat of Michigan, told the story of Sonja L. Podjan, a    blueberry farmer in Watervliet, Mich. who was in pain for several years until she got insurance under the Affordable Care Act, which covered the cost of surgery to repair a severe tear in the meniscus of her right knee. In an interview, Ms. Podjan said she “started freaking out” after the election and sent an email to Ms. Stabenow. She said she was “flabbergasted” when she heard back from the senator’s office. Ms. Podjan said that the premium for an insurance policy covering her and her husband was about $1, 000 a month, but that they paid just $62 after receiving government subsidies provided under the law. “I am scared to death we will lose our insurance, and what happens then?” said Ms. Podjan, who reported that she and her husband had medical expenses totaling $41, 000 in the past two years. Senator Tom Udall, Democrat of New Mexico, told the story of a constituent, Kevin Kargacin, whose daughter Amber takes drugs costing more than $60, 000 a year for multiple sclerosis. “Kevin is scared because the cost of treating Amber’s disease is so high,” Mr. Udall said. In an interview, Mr. Kargacin said he wrote to Mr. Udall because “we are terrified that without the Affordable Care Act, Amber could be denied insurance or run into lifetime caps on expenditures for her treatment. ” Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota, said: “Many Minnesotans have contacted me in the last few months, frightened about the future of their health care coverage. I heard from a man in Orono. His wife was diagnosed with cancer this year. On top of everything his family is now dealing with, he is terrified that his family will lose coverage if there is a repeal. ” Whether such concerns reflect a change in public opinion is difficult to say. Over the past six years, Republicans have collected stories from hundreds of constituents complaining that their insurance policies were canceled, their premiums have shot up and their deductibles are so high that the insurance is nearly worthless. “Scott from Hickory has had his health insurance canceled three times now, disrupting his continuity of care,” said Representative Virginia Foxx, Republican of North Carolina. “Patricia from Kernersville now has a whopping $6, 550 deductible. ” Representative Pat Tiberi, Republican of Ohio, reported that a constituent named Kimberly had difficulty obtaining treatment for a brain tumor because, she said, “virtually no doctors take the marketplace insurance. ” The differing accounts are not necessarily in contradiction. Some people have benefited from the law while others have seen their coverage disrupted. Republicans said the Obama administration had been slow to recognize and acknowledge problems with the Affordable Care Act. Administration officials said insurance rate increases of 25 percent or more were not a significant problem because   people could get subsidies to help defray the cost  —   even though millions of people buying insurance on their own do not receive subsidies. The administration insisted that insurance markets were “stable and vibrant” even as large insurers pulled out of Affordable Care Act exchanges where they were losing hundreds of millions of dollars. In 2015, the administration said that “claims data show healthier consumers” in the exchanges, but some insurers disputed that assessment, saying they had not seen an influx of healthy people to help cover the costs of sick people."
383,17719,Joe Biden: ‘I Wish to Hell I’d Just Kept Saying the Exact Same Thing’ - The New York Times,New York Times,Jonathan Alter,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"Joe Biden’s personal compartment on the modified Boeing 757 that serves as Air Force Two had the feel of a motel manager’s office equipped with     communications gear. The room held a little black couch with a pullout bed he had slept on more times than he could count over the last eight years, during which he logged more than a million miles aloft. We were en route back to Wilmington, Del. from Cartagena, Colombia, in early December, and Biden was sitting in a black leather seat with a binder in his lap. It contained the speech he had given at the Democratic National Convention in July. He told me he had been rereading it. He began reciting aloud: “If you live in neighborhoods like the one Jill and I grew up in, if you worry about your job and getting decent pay. . .. ” His voice accelerated. “If you worry about your children’s education, if you’re taking care of an elderly parent, there’s only one person in this race who. . .. ” He looked up at me and sighed. “I wish to hell I’d just kept saying the exact same thing. ” Biden was afflicted with regret. He was sorry that, on the campaign trail, he had spoken so often about Donald Trump’s unfitness for office and not enough about what Hillary Clinton would do for the middle class. He was sorry he didn’t push harder inside the White House for a   tax cut. And he was still torn over his decision not to run for president, a race that he said would have been “brutal” but that he also believed he could have won. I spoke with Biden intermittently in the months before and after Election Day, and I had no doubt as to why he didn’t jump in. He was still corny, gabby, lovable Uncle Joe, the guy who once said: “Stand up, Chuck! Let ’em see you!” to a man in a wheelchair. But nearly every speech and interview now included some moving mention of his son Beau, who died of brain cancer in 2015, and how much Biden was doing, and intended to continue to do for the rest of his life, to speed the search for cancer cures. I saw Biden cry in Manchester, N. H. in October when holding an infant that he was told was named after Beau. I saw him near tears in West Mifflin, Pa. the weekend before the election, when he was joined onstage by the former Pittsburgh Steelers Franco Harris and Mel Blount  —   which reminded him of the footballs the team owner sent to young Beau and his brother, Hunter, in the hospital after they were injured in the 1972 car accident that killed Biden’s first wife and baby girl. On his deathbed, Beau advised his father to run, but many friends  —   including President Obama  —   didn’t think he was up to it emotionally, and the vice president finally agreed. “For all that’s important to me in almost a sacred sense,” he told me mournfully, the decision was unavoidable. “The family was broken, and I was more broken than I thought I was. ” How broken? “I don’t know what I’d do if I was in a debate and someone said, ‘You’re doing this because of your son,’’u2009” he told me one late November day in his West Wing office. “I might have walked over and kicked his ass. ” And yet minutes later, he was standing at his desk, fidgeting and replaying what might have been in 2016. The South Carolina primary would have given him a strong start, he said, citing his internal polls there. “Hard to believe, but I was more popular with blacks than Barack was. ” Biden clearly loathes the new president he said during the campaign that if he and Trump were in high school, he’d “take him behind the gym” for the way he bragged about groping women. Trump reminded him of the bullies who teased him as a child on account of his stutter, calling him “  . ” But the politician who has long believed all politics is personal wants to keep it impersonal with Trump. “The president and I have concluded that there’s no value in making that ad hominem argument,” he told me of Obama. “It gets you nowhere. ” Biden wasn’t shocked that Hillary Clinton lost. He had noticed before the election that Trump was connecting with the people he grew up with in Pennsylvania. This shaped his thoughts on how Democrats should respond. When the subject of Trump came up aboard Air Force Two, Biden referred to a   story about how, as a freshman senator, he saw Jesse Helms, the archconservative North Carolina Republican, ripping into a piece of disabilities legislation. Biden was furious about it and began attacking Helms to Mike Mansfield, the Democratic Senate majority leader. Puffing on his pipe, Mansfield asked Biden if he knew that Helms and his wife had adopted a disabled    boy no one else would take. “Question a man’s judgment, not his motives,” Mansfield instructed. Biden, who was invited by Helms decades later to give his eulogy, is convinced that absorbing Mansfield’s advice is what allowed him to work with Senate Republicans during the Obama years, to negotiate the approval of the New Start    treaty, the end of “don’t ask, don’t tell” and the expansion of the   tax credit, among other accomplishments. His approach to Trump, he said, wouldn’t be fundamentally different. “It falls in that category,” Biden told me. “It’s one thing to say: ‘I think the proposal on the following is a serious mistake. I think it’s gonna do the following damage.’ It’s another thing to say, ‘The guy’s a fucking idiot, and he is an egomaniac who’s a whatever. ’’u2009” Biden suggested he might lobby former Republican colleagues when “circumstances generate blowback among mainstream Republicans. ” He remains in the shrinking camp that believes Trump may yet step up, at least a bit, to the demands of high office. His hope is that Trump’s “sense of grandeur is so immense that he’d rather succeed than unleash these forces. ” Given how many Trump voters would lose their insurance under full repeal of the Affordable Care Act, he may well back off of repealing it, Biden said. As for the rest of his own administration’s legacy, he said, “I’m not prepared to bet my granddaughter’s college tuition, but it’s less likely to be undone than frayed on the edges. ” Biden’s biggest worry is that Trump, for all his bluster, could be a global bystander, unwilling to engage a messy world with anything more than  . “The question I get everywhere is: ‘Is American leadership going to continue? ’’u2009” he told me on Air Force Two. If Trump “just stays behind the lines  —   hands off  —   it could be very ugly. Very, very ugly. ” In July, the president of Latvia asked Biden to fly there as soon as possible and give a televised speech assuring the Baltic states that the United States would fulfill its NATO obligations and defend them against a Russian invasion. He did so, emphatically, but his promises offer little comfort   Day. The prospect of Vladimir Putin fulfilling his dream of   Russian hegemony over Eastern Europe is not far from Biden’s mind. “Now if we walk away  —   Hungary, Poland, even the Baltic states, these guys all start to hedge their bets,” he said. Biden’s national security adviser, Colin Kahl, who was with the vice president on the plane, interjected to outline the contradictions in Trump’s emerging foreign policy. If the United States is going to be more cooperative with Russia and Bashar  ’s Syria but more confrontational with Iran, Kahl asked, how will Trump handle them joining together to fight ISIS? “It’s like a Rubik’s cube trying to figure this guy out,” Biden sighed. “We have no freakin’ idea what he’s gonna do. ” When they were Senate colleagues, and Biden was chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Biden thought Obama was in too much of a hurry  —   and Obama found the chairman a tad condescending. But in the White House, the two men became exceptionally close. “There was never a point,” Obama told me recently, “where I thought he was distancing himself from me or positioning himself. Never been a time when he wasn’t telling me something he really thought. ” Their families, too, drew together. “Family has been central for us  —   that’s our baseline,” Obama told me. “We both feel freer to do what we think is right because if it doesn’t work out, our families will still love us. ” Biden later told friends that he thought the president was sincerely looking out for him in 2015 when he advised him not to run  —   though he also felt Obama had grown fond of the bright mark he could leave on history by passing the baton from the first black president to the first female president. The big question now is when, and how, they will   the arena. Obama has already said that, unlike George W. Bush, he won’t refrain from commenting on his successor. Biden may go further. Amid discussion of resistance to Trump, he surprised me with talk of 2020, when he’ll turn 78. “I’ll run,” the vice president deadpanned, “if I can walk. ” Three days later, he informed the Washington press corps that he wasn’t joking. Biden isn’t likely to run, but keeping the door ajar gives him a bigger voice in Democratic Party debates. The one that worries him most is over repositioning to win back Trump voters. He has little patience with Democrats who want to move either left or right. “’u2009‘We gotta move to the center,’ ‘We gotta move to those white guys,’ ‘We gotta move to those   people’ or ‘We gotta double down on the social agenda. ’’u2009” It’s a false choice, he said: “They are totally compatible. I have never said anything to the A. C. L. U. that I wouldn’t say to the Chamber of Commerce. ” This was the vision of the Democratic Party to which Biden had dedicated his career. “Amtrak Joe” famously commuted every day from Wilmington to Washington  —   three hours   for 36 years. He told me that as the train neared Baltimore, he habitually peered into the rapidly passing homes close to the tracks  —   a flip book of   families of various backgrounds who might have recognized themselves in his convention speech. “I wonder what the conversation at the dinner table is,” he told me. Sometimes he saw his own family in the early 1960s in those houses. He imagines the families’ struggles with everyday expenses: “’u2009‘Honey, we need a new set of tires, but you gotta get another 20, 000 miles out of them.’ That’s the goddamn discussion people are having! That’s their lives!” Before the election, Biden had begun to map out what his    plans would look like. Soon he would be back on Amtrak, riding to and from a   institute bearing his name at the University of Pennsylvania and a   center at the University of Delaware, and continuing the “cancer moonshot”  —   a   initiative marshaling resources in government and the private sector to accelerate cancer research. In the meantime, he’ll help play defense against Trump. “Even if the Democratic Party didn’t want me, I’m not walking away,” he said. “I’ve worked on this stuff my whole life. ” After Air Force Two touched down on the tarmac in Wilmington, I asked him about a line he liked to use before the election. “So do you still believe what your grandfather said, that God looks out for drunken Irishmen and the United States of America?” Biden said he wasn’t sure about the Irishmen, but he was about the country. “I have to believe that,” he said. “There’s no sense being in this business unless you’re an optimist. ”"
384,17720,Obama’s Secret to Surviving the White House Years: Books - The New York Times,New York Times,Michiko Kakutani,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"Not since Lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped  —   in his life, convictions and outlook on the world  —   by reading and writing as Barack Obama. Last Friday, seven days before his departure from the White House, Mr. Obama sat down in the Oval Office and talked about the indispensable role that books have played during his presidency and throughout his life  —   from his peripatetic and sometimes lonely boyhood, when “these worlds that were portable” provided companionship, to his youth when they helped him to figure out who he was, what he thought and what was important. During his eight years in the White House  —   in a noisy era of information overload, extreme partisanship and   reactions  —   books were a sustaining source of ideas and inspiration, and gave him a renewed appreciation for the complexities and ambiguities of the human condition. “At a time when events move so quickly and so much information is transmitted,” he said, reading gave him the ability to occasionally “slow down and get perspective” and “the ability to get in somebody else’s shoes. ” These two things, he added, “have been invaluable to me. Whether they’ve made me a better president I can’t say. But what I can say is that they have allowed me to sort of maintain my balance during the course of eight years, because this is a place that comes at you hard and fast and doesn’t let up. ” [ Read a transcript of the interview with Barack Obama ] The writings of Lincoln, the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. Gandhi and Nelson Mandela, Mr. Obama found, were “particularly helpful” when “what you wanted was a sense of solidarity,” adding “during very difficult moments, this job can be very isolating. ” “So sometimes you have to sort of hop across history to find folks who have been similarly feeling isolated, and that’s been useful. ” There is a handwritten copy of the Gettysburg Address in the Lincoln Bedroom, and sometimes, in the evening, Mr. Obama says, he would wander over from his home office to read it. Like Lincoln, Mr. Obama taught himself how to write, and for him, too, words became a way to define himself, and to communicate his ideas and ideals to the world. In fact, there is a clear, shining line connecting Lincoln and King, and President Obama. In speeches like the ones delivered in Charleston and Selma, he has followed in their footsteps, putting his mastery of language in the service of a sweeping historical vision, which, like theirs, situates our current struggles with race and injustice in a historical continuum that traces how far we’ve come and how far we have yet to go. It’s a vision of America as an unfinished project  —   a continuing,     journey to make the promises of the Declaration of Independence real for everyone  —   rooted both in Scripture and the possibility of redemption, and a more existential belief that we can continually remake ourselves. And it’s a vision shared by the civil rights movement, which overcame obstacle after obstacle, and persevered in the face of daunting odds. Mr. Obama’s long view of history and the optimism (combined with a stirring reminder of the hard work required by democracy) that he articulated in his farewell speech last week are part of a   faith, grounded in his reading, in his knowledge of history (and its unexpected zigs and zags) and his embrace of artists like Shakespeare who saw the human situation entire: its follies, cruelties and mad blunders, but also its resilience, decencies and acts of grace. The playwright’s tragedies, he says, have been “foundational for me in understanding how certain patterns repeat themselves and play themselves out between human beings. ” Presidential biographies also provided context, countering the tendency to think “that whatever’s going on right now is uniquely disastrous or amazing or difficult,” he said. “It just serves you well to think about Roosevelt trying to navigate through World War II. ” Even books initially picked up as escape reading like the Hugo   apocalyptic   epic “The   Problem” by the Chinese writer Liu Cixin, he said, could unexpectedly put things in perspective: “The scope of it was immense. So that was fun to read, partly because my    problems with Congress seem fairly petty  —   not something to worry about. Aliens are about to invade!” In his searching 1995 book “Dreams From My Father,” Mr. Obama recalls how reading was a crucial tool in sorting out what he believed, dating back to his teenage years, when he immersed himself in works by Baldwin, Ellison, Hughes, Wright, DuBois and Malcolm X in an effort “to raise myself to be a black man in America. ” Later, during his last two years in college, he spent a focused period of deep   and study, methodically reading philosophers from St. Augustine to Nietzsche, Emerson to Sartre to Niebuhr, to strip down and test his own beliefs. To this day, reading has remained an essential part of his daily life. He recently gave his daughter Malia a Kindle filled with books he wanted to share with her (including “One Hundred Years of Solitude,” “The Golden Notebook” and “The Woman Warrior”). And most every night in the White House, he would read for an hour or so late at night  —   reading that was deep and ecumenical, ranging from contemporary literary fiction (the last novel he read was Colson Whitehead’s “The Underground Railroad”) to classic novels to groundbreaking works of nonfiction like Daniel Kahneman’s “Thinking, Fast and Slow” and Elizabeth Kolbert’s “The Sixth Extinction. ” Such books were a way for the president to shift mental gears from the briefs and policy papers he studied during the day, a way “to get out of my own head,” a way to escape the White House bubble. Some novels helped him to better “imagine what’s going on in the lives of people” across the country  —   for instance, he found that Marilynne Robinson’s novels connected him emotionally to the people he was meeting in Iowa during the 2008 campaign, and to his own grandparents, who were from the Midwest, and the small town values of hard work and honesty and humility. Other novels served as a kind of foil  —   something to argue with. V. S. Naipaul’s novel “A Bend in the River,” Mr. Obama recalls, “starts with the line ‘The world is what it is men who are nothing, who allow themselves to become nothing, have no place in it.’ And I always think about that line and I think about his novels when I’m thinking about the hardness of the world sometimes, particularly in foreign policy, and I resist and fight against sometimes that very cynical, more realistic view of the world. And yet, there are times where it feels as if that may be true. ” Writing was key to his thinking process, too: a tool for sorting through “a lot of crosscurrents in my own life  —   race, class, family. And I genuinely believe that it was part of the way in which I was able to integrate all these pieces of myself into something relatively whole. ” Mr. Obama taught himself to write as a young man by keeping a journal and writing short stories when he was a community organizer in Chicago  —   working on them after he came home from work and drawing upon the stories of the people he met. Many of the tales were about older people, and were informed by a sense of disappointment and loss: “There is not a lot of Jack Kerouac   young kid on the make discovering stuff,” he says. “It’s more melancholy and reflective. ” That experience underscored the power of empathy. An outsider himself  —   with a father from Kenya, who left when he was 2, and a mother from Kansas, who took him to live for a time in Indonesia  —   he could relate to many of the people he met in the churches and streets of Chicago, who felt dislocated by change and isolation, and he took to heart his boss’s observation that “the thing that brings people together to share the courage to take action on behalf of their lives is not just that they care about the same issues, it’s that they have shared stories. ” This lesson would become a cornerstone of the president’s vision of an America where shared concerns  —   simple dreams of a decent job, a secure future for one’s children  —   might bridge differences and divisions. After all, many people saw their own stories in his  —   an American story, as he said in his keynote address at the 2004 Democratic National Convention possible “in no other country on Earth. ” In today’s polarized environment, where the internet has let people increasingly retreat to their own silos (talking only to   folks, who amplify their certainties and biases) the president sees novels and other art (like the musical “Hamilton”) as providing a kind of bridge that might span usual divides and “a reminder of the truths under the surface of what we argue about every day. ” He points out, for instance, that the fiction of Junot Díaz and Jhumpa Lahiri speaks “to a very particular contemporary immigration experience,” but at the same time tell stories about “longing for this better place but also feeling displaced”  —   a theme central to much of American literature, and not unlike books by Philip Roth and Saul Bellow that are “steeped with this sense of being an outsider, longing to get in, not sure what you’re giving up. ” Mr. Obama entered office as a writer, and he will soon return to a private life as a writer, planning to work on his memoirs, which will draw on journals he’s kept in the White House (“but not with the sort of discipline that I would have hoped for”). He has a writer’s sensibility  —   an ability to be in the moment while standing apart as an observer, a novelist’s eye and ear for detail, and a precise but elastic voice capable of moving easily between the lyrical and the vernacular and the profound. He had lunch last week with five novelists he admires  —   Dave Eggers, Mr. Whitehead, Zadie Smith, Mr. Díaz and Barbara Kingsolver. He not only talked with them about the political and media landscape, but also talked shop, asking how their book tours were going and remarking that he likes to write first drafts, long hand, on yellow legal pads. Mr. Obama says he is hoping to eventually use his presidential center website “to widen the audience for good books”  —   something he’s already done with regular lists of book recommendations  —   and then encourage a public “conversation about books. ” “At a time,” he says, “when so much of our politics is trying to manage this clash of cultures brought about by globalization and technology and migration, the role of stories to unify  —   as opposed to divide, to engage rather than to marginalize  —   is more important than ever. ”"
385,17721,Obama’s Last Battle: His Legacy - The New York Times,New York Times,Michael Barbaro,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"In the waning days of his presidency, Barack Obama is waging a final battle  —   not over legislation or a Supreme Court seat, but over how he will be remembered. In the latest episode of The   we explore what, exactly, the Obama legacy will be. The president is aggressively telling his version, through a major speech broadcast on   TV, interviews and a forthcoming book. But   Donald J. Trump is telling a very different version, through tweets, speeches and news conferences. Who’s will win out? I speak with David Leonhardt, an   columnist at The New York Times who chronicled the Obama administration from the start, and Jodi Kantor, a reporter whose book, “The Obamas,” was just reissued with a new preface. Our   conversation explores Mr. Obama’s impact on race, health care, economic inequality and America’s place in the world. And we seek to answer a question historians may puzzle over for decades: Just how consequential was this presidency compared with past White Houses? I speak as well to former Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts about whether Mr. Obama’s relationship with Republican lawmakers had to be so adversarial, polarizing and partisan. Who was to blame? Could Mr. Obama have done more to get things done using executive orders? Mr. Frank is blunt. “Absolutely not,” he says. “You had a Republican majority in both houses that (A) was determined to undercut him politically and (B) did not care if the government was dysfunctional because they don’t like government anyway. And to the extent, by the way, that a failure for the government to perform discredited government, that was a further benefit as far as they’re concerned. ” From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “The  ” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode."
386,17722,Betsy DeVos’s Education Hearing Erupts Into Partisan Debate - The New York Times,New York Times,Kate Zernike and Yamiche Alcindor,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   At her confirmation hearing on Tuesday to be education secretary, Betsy DeVos vigorously defended her work steering taxpayer dollars from traditional public schools, arguing that it was time to move away from a “one size fits all” system and toward newer models for students from preschool to college. The hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate that reflected the nation’s political divide on how best to spend public money in education. Republicans applauded Ms. DeVos’s work to expand charter schools and school vouchers, which give families public funds to help pay tuition at private schools. Democrats criticized her for wanting to “privatize” public education and pushed her, unsuccessfully, to support making public colleges and universities  . Ms. DeVos, a billionaire with a complex web of investments, including in companies that stand to win or lose from federal education policy, was the first nominee of   Donald J. Trump to have a Senate hearing without completing an ethics review on how she planned to avoid conflicts of interest. Democrats pointed out that in the past, Republicans had insisted that no hearings be conducted before those reviews were complete. Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and chairman of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, limited the questioning to one round of five minutes for each senator, prompting howls from Democrats, who noted that previous hearings had included two rounds of questions. “It suggests that this committee is trying to protect this nominee from scrutiny,” said Senator Christopher S. Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut. With time limited, Democrats confronted Ms. DeVos with   questions, demanding that she explain her family’s contributions to groups that support   conversion therapy for gay people her donations to Republicans and their causes, which she agreed totaled about $200 million over the years her past statements that government “sucks” and that public schools are a “dead end” and the poor performance of charter schools in Detroit, where she resisted legislation that would have blocked chronically failing charter schools from expanding. Under questioning, Ms. DeVos said it would be “premature” to say whether she would continue the Obama administration’s policy requiring uniform reporting standards for sexual assaults on college campuses. She told Mr. Murphy, whose constituents include families whose children were killed in the 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School, that it should be “left to locales” to decide whether guns are allowed in schools, and that she supported Mr. Trump’s call to ban   zones around schools. She also denied that she had personally supported conversion therapy. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts pressed Ms. DeVos on how she could oversee the Education Department, the largest provider of student loans, given that she had no experience running a large bureaucracy and that neither she nor her children had ever taken out a student loan. “So you have no personal experience with college financial aid?” Ms. Warren asked. Ms. DeVos, who did not attend public schools or send her children to public schools, argued that vouchers and charter schools were simply a way of offering poor parents the kind of school choice that wealthy parents have long been able to afford. She described a visit she and her husband, an heir to the Amway fortune, made to a Christian school in her hometown, Grand Rapids, Mich. as a turning point in her career as a school choice advocate. “We saw the struggles and sacrifices many of these families faced when trying to choose the best educational option for their children,” she said. “For me, this was not just an issue of public policy but of national injustice. ” But Democrats said research showed that voucher programs had done little to raise achievement among poor students. Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the ranking Democrat on the committee, asked Ms. DeVos, “Can you commit to us that you will not work to privatize public schools or cut a single penny from public education?” Ms. DeVos began to demur, saying that “not all schools are working for the students that are assigned to them” and that she would work to find “common ground” to give parents “options. ” “I take that as not being willing to commit to not privatizing public education,” Ms. Murray said. Mr. Alexander, himself a former education secretary, argued that Ms. DeVos’s support of charter schools and vouchers put her in the “mainstream” of public opinion, and that her critics were outside it. He noted that charter schools, which are publicly funded but typically run independently of local school districts and teachers’ unions, have been supported by Republican and Democratic presidents going back to Bill Clinton. Democrats, however, argued that Ms. DeVos’s support went well beyond charter schools, to include the more contentious policy of sending public money to private and religious schools. “Charter schools are not the issue here,” said Senator Al Franken of Minnesota, where Democrats pushed the nation’s first law allowing charter schools nearly three decades ago. He noted that 37 states prohibit the use of public dollars for religious schools. One Republican, Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, expressed concern about Ms. DeVos’s enthusiasm for school choice  —   a moot point for many of her constituents, given the vastness of her state. “When there is no way to get to an alternative option for your child, the best parent is left relying on a public school system that they demand to be there for their kids,” she said, asking Ms. DeVos to ensure that her commitment to traditional public education was as “strong and robust” as her passion for school choice."
387,17723,"What Should Senators Ask Scott Pruitt, Trump’s E.P.A. Nominee? Here’s What Readers Said - The New York Times",New York Times,Tatiana Schlossberg,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"On Wednesday, the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee will consider   Donald J. Trump’s choice  of Scott Pruitt, Oklahoma’s attorney general since 2011, to lead the Environmental Protection Agency. Mr. Pruitt spent much of his time in office fighting the Obama administration over the E. P. A. ’s actions to regulate air and water pollution and to curb greenhouse gas emissions. The committee is led by Senator John Barrasso, Republican of Wyoming, an outspoken contrarian on climate change, and includes several Republicans openly hostile to federal action to address it. The Democratic members of the committee include some of the Senate’s strongest supporters of the E. P. A. and most forceful voices for decisive action on climate change. We asked readers what questions they would ask if they could question Mr. Pruitt. More than 2, 000 replied, and their answers largely fell into a few categories. Here is what some of them would like to know. Many readers seemed familiar with Mr. Pruitt’s statement that the science of climate change is “far from settled. ” Most pointed out that an overwhelming majority of climate scientists agree that climate change is happening and is caused by human activity, specifically by the emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases, and asked for Mr. Pruitt’s sources for his position. Seth Rudman, 28, a scientific researcher at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, asked, “Can you describe the shortcomings of the scientific evidence for climate change and the type of data that would be needed to convince you that climate change is happening?” While being a scientist is not a requirement for the job, readers worried about what having a climate denialist at the top might mean for the agency. “During the Bush administration, climate scientists, including Dr. James Hansen, claimed that their voices were suppressed and their reports changed to minimize the role of humans in accelerating climate change and its impact,” wrote Donald Chartier, 60, the founder and chief executive of an internet company in Chicago. “Can you assure us that E. P. A. scientists will be allowed to present scientific evidence and data freely to the American people, without retaliation?” Others focused on the risk Mr. Pruitt was taking by denying the risks of climate change. “If the scientific consensus on climate change proves correct and the changes in the Earth’s weather cause widespread devastation, loss of life and property and great economic damage, who should be held responsible for staying the actions that might have prevented or ameliorated these outcomes?” asked Joseph Griffin, 72, a retiree from Bellefonte, Pa. During his time as attorney general of Oklahoma, Mr. Pruitt has been seen by some to be cozy with the fossil fuel industry. He filed 14 suits against the E. P. A. challenging the agency’s environmental regulations, looking to soften the blow of federal policies against oil, gas, agriculture and other interests. In 13 of those cases, companies that had contributed money to Mr. Pruitt or to   political campaign committees also signed on. Readers were concerned that Mr. Pruitt might continue to advance the interests of industry, possibly to the detriment of public health and safety. “How do you intend to serve the public need to protect the environment when you have demonstrated a preference for the rights of corporate shareholders?” asked Alison ten Cate, 50, an energy efficiency consultant from Belmont, Calif. Others wrote that Mr. Pruitt should be asked if he would be willing to disclose the companies and lobbyists that have given money to his campaigns, and agree to recuse himself from decisions involving them. Mr. Pruitt has argued that states are in a better position to regulate their environment and industries than the federal government, which he has accused of overreach. Many readers argued that air and water do not respect state borders, so it is the federal government’s responsibility to regulate these interstate issues. “You have worked against the E. P. A. in favor of managing interstate and global issues at the state level. Why?” asked Charles Haddox, 59, a marketing manager in Denver. “What success stories can you relate in detail showing states are more successful at protecting resources in the absence of federal regulation?” They also wondered where the limits of Mr. Pruitt’s federalism might lie. “Does your belief in federalism mean you will not interfere with the efforts of California and other states to address climate change?” wrote Michael McCabe, 19, a student at Sarah Lawrence College. “Or will you serve the interests of the fossil fuel industry and interfere with states’ efforts?” Some asked practical questions, like Mavis   65, a   teacher and naturalist in Memphis, who wanted to know how Mr. Pruitt could continue to push for state and local jurisdiction of clean air and water “in light of the Flint, Mich. water scandal. ” High levels of lead were found in the city’s water supply, largely a result of state and local regulatory failures, and the federal government had to intervene (some argue too late). Several readers seemed puzzled at why Mr. Pruitt would want to run a federal regulatory agency if he saw federal regulations as a problem, and wondered if he had other ideas for how to regulate pollutants. Some also would like to hear examples of success on environmental issues from his time in office in Oklahoma. Mark Baker, 48, an American who works for Diageo, an international beverage company, in Brussels, asked, “Can you provide an example of a policy that originated at the state or local level under your watch in Oklahoma and that resulted in cleaner water or air for Oklahoma’s citizens?” “Do you believe in protecting water, air and land from pollution?” wrote Sabina Gasper, 55, who works for the pharmaceutical industry in Bismarck, N. D. “Do you believe that regulations are the way to do this? If not, how should these resources be protected?” Some struck a more hopeful tone, like Lilian Howard, “nearing 80 years of age,” a retired travel consultant and writer from Virginia Beach, who wrote, “Would you briefly discuss a few actions by the E. P. A. which you believe were successful in protecting the American people and their natural surroundings from harm and how you might hope we can improve upon these during the new administration?”"
388,17724,"Nominee for Interior Vows to Preserve, and Develop, Public Lands - The New York Times",New York Times,Emmarie Huetteman,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   Representative Ryan Zinke, Republican of Montana, pitched himself on Tuesday as a serious steward of federal resources in his confirmation hearing for interior secretary, frequently bucking conservative orthodoxy on ownership of public lands, federal funding for preservation and even, briefly, climate change. But Mr. Zinke also emphasized his support for drilling, mining and logging on federal lands, activities strongly opposed by many environmental groups. In   testimony before a Senate panel that lasted nearly four hours, Mr. Zinke, a former member of the Navy SEALs who just finished his first term in the House, tried to balance the importance of preservation with use of the nation’s public lands and waters. He expressed admiration for Gifford Pinchot, the first United States Forest Service chief, who advocated planned use and renewal. Mr. Zinke also said he supported energy development on federal lands. Recreational activities and mining, for instance, are not mutually exclusive, he said. “It doesn’t have to be in conflict,” he said. Mr. Zinke broke with   Donald J. Trump and even his own past statements on climate change, disagreeing with Mr. Trump’s assertion at one point that it is “a hoax. ” Having once said that climate change was “not proven science,” Mr. Zinke said it was “indisputable” that the climate is changing and that humans are having an effect on it. “I think where there’s debate is what that influence is, what we can do about it,” Mr. Zinke said. “I don’t believe it’s a hoax,” he added. He later appeared to try to temper his statement, emphasizing the need for “objective science. ” Democrats pressed Mr. Zinke, who grew up near Glacier National Park in Montana, about whether he would shield federal lands from being sold, one of their primary concerns. “With a new administration, are these public lands going to face an unbelievable attack by those who would like to take these public lands away from us and turn them over back to states?” asked Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington, the panel’s top Democrat. “Or are we going to continue to manage these resources for the incredible investment that they are and continue to improve them, so we get even more economic return?” Mr. Zinke was unequivocal: “I am absolutely against transfer and sale of public lands. I can’t be more clear. ” Asked about his vote on a House rule that would make it easier for the government to cede control of federal lands, he acknowledged that he would not vote for it again. “That’s a great answer,” said Senator Martin Heinrich, Democrat of New Mexico. Mr. Zinke said one of his priorities as interior secretary would be to address an estimated $12. 5 billion backlog of maintenance and repairs in the national parks system. He also stated his support for fully funding the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which takes money from offshore oil and gas leasing to protect federal natural resources. In one of his few references to the   Mr. Zinke said Mr. Trump supported moving toward energy independence. He described his own approach as “all of the above,” explicitly mentioning solar and wind power, as well as fossil fuels. Republicans expressed their own concerns  —   about the need for a break from what they saw as an era of   under the Obama administration. In her opening statement, Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, the panel’s chairwoman, called her state “the poster child” among the many that suffered under the current Department of the Interior. “For eight years, it seemed that this administration has taken the approach that Alaska has to be protected from Alaskans,” she said, “and they acted accordingly. ” Senators praised Mr. Zinke’s   career in the Navy SEALs as an asset, with Senator Jon Tester, Democrat of Montana, calling him a “well equipped” candidate. But Mr. Zinke’s time in the military was not without controversy. While serving as a midlevel SEAL Team 6 officer in the 1990s, Mr. Zinke improperly sought government reimbursement for travel to his home, a decision that resulted in some of his superiors’ questioning his judgment and apparently prevented him from being entrusted with a senior post, a New York Times investigation showed. His military background was referenced in a testy exchange with Senator Tammy Duckworth, Democrat of Illinois and a fellow veteran. She pointed to the fact that Mr. Zinke embraced Mr. Trump’s defense of his 2005 statements about sexually assaulting women, caught on a hot mike, as “  talk” and questioned whether he was equipped to handle the problem of sexual harassment and assault, also a problem in the military, in the agency he seeks to lead. Mr. Zinke, who served with Ms. Duckworth in the House until recently, said he would have a “zero tolerance” approach to sexual harassment, which he said was “killing morale” at the agency."
389,17725,Former ‘Apprentice’ Contestant Files Defamation Suit Against Trump - The New York Times,New York Times,Megan Twohey,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"A former contestant on “The Apprentice” who accused Donald J. Trump of sexual assault during the presidential race filed a lawsuit against him on Tuesday alleging that Mr. Trump defamed her when he claimed that she fabricated the assault. Summer Zervos and her lawyer, Gloria Allred, announced the lawsuit at a news conference in Los Angeles, days before Mr. Trump is set to enter the White House. During the campaign, more than 10 women accused Mr. Trump of inappropriate sexual contact. Mr. Trump denied every allegation. When Ms. Zervos made her claim in October, saying that Mr. Trump had kissed and groped her without her consent during encounters at his office in New York and at a hotel in Los Angeles, Mr. Trump said he never met her “at a hotel or greeted her inappropriately,” and accused Ms. Zervos and other women of lying, according to the lawsuit, which was filed in New York State Supreme Court. “But it was Donald Trump who was lying when he falsely denied his predatory misconduct with Summer Zervos, and derided her for perpetrating a ‘hoax’ and making up a ‘phony’ story to get attention,” the lawsuit says. “Donald Trump lied again, and again, and again, and again. In doing so, he used his national and international bully pulpit to make false factual statements to denigrate and verbally attack Ms. Zervos and the other women. ” It went on to say that “Mr. Trump knew that his false, disparaging statements would be heard and read by people around the world, and that these women, including Summer Zervos, would be subjected to threats of violence, economic harm, and reputational damage. ” Ms. Allred sought to compare the lawsuit to the sexual harassment case brought by Paula Jones, a former Arkansas state employee, against President Bill Clinton in 1994. In that civil case, the United States Supreme Court ruled that a sitting president could be sued for actions that were said to have happened before his taking office. Ms. Allred pointed out that if the defamation case moves forward, Mr. Trump could be deposed or asked to testify, and that if he were to lie under oath, it would be grounds for Congress to impeach him, as happened with Mr. Clinton. If it got to a point where Mr. Trump did not testify truthfully under oath in this case, she said, “Then I think Congress will have a very important decision to make. ” Ms. Zervos kept her comments at the news conference brief, saying that Mr. Trump had left her with no choice but to take legal action and that she would press forward until he acknowledged that she told the truth. Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump, was quick to brush off the lawsuit, saying in an email that “there is no truth to this absurd story. ” “More of the same from Gloria Allred,” Ms. Hicks added. Ms. Allred has been involved in a variety of cases over the years in which women have accused   men of sexual harassment, assault and other wrongdoing. When numerous women came forward last year to accuse Mr. Trump of sexual misconduct, Ms. Allred agreed to represent several of them, organizing news conferences where they could speak out. Ms. Allred said she had not had any communication with Mr. Trump or his lawyers about Ms. Zervos. Like other accusers, Ms. Zervos said she was inspired to share her story publicly after Mr. Trump was caught on tape bragging to the “Access Hollywood” host Billy Bush about sexually assaulting women, and then, in a presidential debate, denied ever engaging in such behavior. The lawsuit states that during the campaign, Mr. Trump described “Ms. Zervos’s experience, along with those of others, as ‘made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED’ ‘100% fabricated and   charges’ ‘totally false’ ‘totally phoney [sic] stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false).’ ‘made up stories and lies’ ‘[t]otally made up nonsense. ’” He also threatened to sue his accusers. “In his effort to win the Presidency and counter the damage to his election prospects caused by his own recorded words with Billy Bush,” the lawsuit says, “Mr. Trump knowingly, intentionally and maliciously threw each and every one of these women under the bus, with conscious disregard of the impact that repeatedly calling them liars would have upon their lives and reputations. ” The case alleges emotional harm and economic damage, but Ms. Allred said the purpose of the lawsuit was not financial. The goal, she said, was to get Mr. Trump to admit that he lied when he said Ms. Zervos fabricated her allegation. If Mr. Trump made such an admission, she said, Ms. Zervos would drop her case. Ms. Allred said Ms. Zervos had already submitted to a polygraph test that would help prove she was telling the truth. She also said that Ms. Zervos has not received any outside financial support for her case. When asked about the timing of lawsuit, Ms. Allred pointed out that it was being filed nearly two months after she and Ms. Zervos had first demanded that Mr. Trump retract his comments about her or face consequences. “We have given him two months,” she said. “Time’s up. ” “Why now?” she said. “My answer would be why not now?”"
390,17726,"Museum Trustee, a Trump Donor, Supports Groups That Deny Climate Change - The New York Times",New York Times,Robin Pogrebin,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"The American Museum of Natural History has long been on the front lines of the climate change discussion, as its scientists study the potential damage and its educators try to alert new generations to the dangers of global warming. The depth of that mission is evident in the numerous exhibitions at this Manhattan museum, like the film “Wonders of the Arctic,” which is on view through March 2. “The polar bear has always been the symbol of the Arctic,” the narrator intones. “Now it’s become the face of climate change and the threat it poses. ” But one of the museum’s leaders, a trustee who is also an important donor to the institution, Rebekah Mercer, has been using her family’s millions to fund organizations that question climate change, a cornerstone of the conservative agenda she is advancing as an influential member of   Donald J. Trump’s transition team. In recent years the Mercer Family Foundation  —   which Ms. Mercer operates with her father, the New York investor Robert Mercer  —   has given nearly $8 million to organizations including the Heartland Institute in Illinois, a group that rejects the scientific consensus on climate change. She is also on the board of the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank that is skeptical of whether human behavior causes climate change. The connection of Ms. Mercer, the museum and the Mercer Family Foundation’s donation history came to light during an analysis by The New York Times of activities by cultural leaders who donated to Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign. Several of them are board members at New York City arts organizations, including John Paulson at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and Mercedes T. Bass at the Metropolitan Opera. But none are as unusual a fit as Ms. Mercer and the American Museum of Natural History. On one level, she is the sort of trustee museums and other nonprofit arts groups compete for: a   donor whose board membership could lead to more contributions. Museums regularly ask major donors to become trustees  —   particularly those as generous as Ms. Mercer, whose foundation has donated at least $3 million to the museum over the past few years. Museum leaders generally do not vet donors and trustees for their personal or political views or apply ideological litmus tests. But more often than not, trustees champion the missions and philosophical underpinnings of their museums. Since Ms. Mercer has only recently emerged as a   player in the Republican Party, bringing her charitable giving new public attention, it’s likely that the museum’s trustees were unaware of her philanthropic history  —   and specifically, her generous funding of organizations on the forefront of climate change skepticism  —   when she joined the board in 2013. About a dozen other trustees at the American Museum of Natural History contacted for comment declined or did not respond. Moreover, institutions with boards as large as the museum’s (which numbers 49) are typically run by a core group of highly active trustees, with others often being less knowledgeable about the detailed backgrounds of fellow members. It is unclear what, if any, influence Ms. Mercer has had at the museum beyond her financial leverage and her power as a board member. Ms. Mercer did not respond to multiple requests for comment, and Ellen V. Futter, the museum’s president, declined to comment about Ms. Mercer. But Ms. Futter was emphatic that it is the museum’s scientists, not its trustees, who make decisions about the substance of what is presented at the museum. “The scientists at the museum are the ones who are responsible for the interpretation and presentation of scientific content,” she said. “We’ve done several exhibits on climate change, we’ve done numerous education offerings on climate change,” she added, “and it is the scientists who make all of the decisions about science. ” Ms. Futter would not comment on the calls for Ms. Mercer to step down or what brought her to the board, declining to discuss the activities of a specific trustee. Told of Ms. Mercer’s role on the museum board, several scientists and environmental organizations said that she should resign or be removed from her position because, they said, she was working at cross purposes with its mission. “There is no room for promoters of   on the board of a science museum, let alone arguably the greatest science museum in the world,” said Michael E. Mann, a leader in the climate field who directs the Earth System Science Center at Penn State. He added that Ms. Mercer “has actively funded the climate change denial and disinformation campaign. ” The climate change positions of people surrounding Mr. Trump are being closely scrutinized as he takes office, partly because the   has described climate change as a hoax, and vowed to “cancel” the Paris climate accord and to undo President Obama’s Clean Power Plan. During the campaign, Ms. Mercer was one of Mr. Trump’s biggest donors, eventually joining his   transition team, in which she played a significant part in pushing forward one climate change skeptic for the cabinet: Jeff Sessions, the nominee for attorney general. “She’s certainly a force,” the former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a top Trump adviser, said. “She’s one of the people whose phone calls get taken. ” Environmental concerns prompted climate scientists and other groups last year to call for removal of the conservative philanthropist David H. Koch from the museum’s board. He stepped down, though the museum said the reasons were unrelated to the protests. Ms. Mercer is not known for publicly speaking out on the climate change issue. But her generous support of organizations that raise doubts about global warming drew criticism from environmental groups like the Sierra Club and Greenpeace. “To politicize science is shameful to politicize the institutions that are designed to foster greater learning is even worse,” Michael Brune, executive director of the Sierra Club, said. The museum’s executives “should acknowledge that they have a healthy endowment  —   a steady stream of funding  —   and they should thank Ms. Mercer for her service and talk about a reasonable plan for her to resign,” he said. Jesse Coleman, a researcher with Greenpeace, called Ms. Mercer’s role on the board troubling. “They’re an educational institution and they are trying to present the truth,” he said, “and now they have people in important positions on their board who are actively funding misinformation and they know that. ” In addition to the Heartland Institute and the Heritage Foundation, the Mercer foundation has made significant donations to the Cato Institute and the Oregon Institute of Science and Medicine, both of which also challenge aspects of climate change. The Oregon Institute, which does research on biochemistry and diagnostic medicine, was   by Arthur B. Robinson, a chemistry professor who unsuccessfully ran for Congress in Oregon and received $15, 000 in campaign contributions from Ms Mercer. In 1997, Mr. Robinson was   of an   piece in The Wall Street Journal, “Global Warming Is a Myth,” which called rising levels of carbon dioxide “a boon for the environment. ” The article was a rebuttal to the Kyoto Protocol, which embraced the existence of   global warming and set goals for worldwide emissions reductions. “There is not a shred of persuasive evidence that humans have been responsible for increasing global temperatures,” the piece said, adding, “So we needn’t worry about human use of hydrocarbons warming the Earth. ” Mr. Robinson also directed the Oregon Institute’s Petition Project, which said “that the   global warming hypothesis is without scientific validity and that government action on the basis of this hypothesis would unnecessarily and counterproductively damage both human prosperity and the natural environment. ” Ms. Mercer has science bona fides, having earned a master’s degree in management science and engineering from Stanford University, where she studied biology and math as an undergraduate. Her father worked for IBM before joining the successful hedge fund, Renaissance Technologies, where he became a chief executive in 2010. Though she briefly worked on Wall Street, Ms. Mercer  —   along with her sisters, Jenji and Heather Sue (their mother is Diana)  —   in 2006 purchased the Manhattan bakery Ruby et Violette, which now operates online. During the recent presidential campaign, Ms. Mercer started as a leading supporter of Ted Cruz, who also argued that the threat of global warming was overstated. She and her husband, Sylvain Mirochnikoff, a managing director at Morgan Stanley  —   they have four children  —   hosted a   for Mr. Cruz in 2015 at their Upper West Side triplex in Heritage at Trump Place. Among the biggest Mercer beneficiaries is the Heartland Institute, to which their foundation has given nearly $5 million. In 2011, Joseph Bast, president and chief executive of the institute, wrote that liberals accept global warming as true because stopping it “requires higher taxes, more income redistribution” and other “policies already on the liberal political agenda. ” “Liberals have no reason to ‘look under the hood’ of the global warming scare, to see what the real science says,” he added. “They believe in global warming because they feel it justifies their ideological convictions. ” Beka Economopoulos is founding director of a mobile project called the Natural History Museum, which in 2015 drafted a letter signed by scientists calling for institutions of science and natural history to “cut all ties” with fossil fuel companies. She said she found it troubling that Ms. Mercer held a governing role at the museum despite her support for groups that oppose its efforts. “How can a science museum reconcile placing a climate denier in a leadership position?” she said. “It’s incomprehensible. ” “In the   era,” Ms. Economopoulos added, “the role of our most trusted institutions of science is more important than ever. ”"
391,17727,Angst Simmers in Washington as Trump Presidency Nears - The New York Times,New York Times,Sheryl Gay Stolberg,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"WASHINGTON  —   In the Virginia suburb of McLean, where the local diner is a C. I. A. breakfast hangout, Gen. Michael V. Hayden, who ran the agency for George W. Bush, is playing career counselor these days. With   Donald J. Trump attacking the intelligence community, the general says his “old tribe’’ is feeling “a special angst. ” In   Takoma Park, Md. a “  zone” since 1983, a   resistance movement is taking shape. Nadine Bloch, an activist and artist, is running   training on nonviolent protest  —   complete with mock police officers wielding rolled up newspapers as batons. And here in the District of Columbia, where 91 percent of voters cast their ballots for Hillary Clinton, “  panic” is setting in, said John Feehery, a Republican strategist and Trump enthusiast. Leslie Harris, a liberal Democratic lawyer, uses war imagery: “I feel like my city is about to be invaded. ” Washington has always been a chameleon of a city, accustomed to remaking itself when the White House changes hands. But as Mr. Trump’s inaugural draws near, in a nation so deeply divided that it seems the political middle has entirely disappeared, perhaps no place in America feels as unsteady and on edge as the capital, which Mr. Trump calls “the swamp. ” With his 6 a. m. Twitter blasts and   style  —   and a roster of conservative Cabinet picks eager to do an   on President Obama’s policies  —   Mr. Trump has upended the city’s rhythms and jangled its nerves. The White House press corps is fighting to keep its work space in the West Wing.   lobbyists worry their clients will turn up in his Twitter feed. Civil servants, many of them working class, say he knows nothing about running a bureaucracy. “We don’t know exactly what to expect from Trump, except that he’s combative,” said Robert Dallek, a presidential biographer, who has lived here for 20 years. And furthermore, Mr. Dallek complained, “It’s offensive to be called a swamp. ” At their core, Washington and its   suburbs are company towns, populated by people who live and breathe policy and politics, or work in the sprawling federal bureaucracy. The region is “one of the largest and wealthiest economies in the world,” the Brookings Institution recently reported  —   one reason much of America, which suffered greatly during the recession, resents those in the capital. But like the rest of America, Washington is also a real place, with real people, who have lived here for decades. The permanent occupants of “the swamp” see presidents come, and see them go. And no matter what their politics, people agree with Mr. Feehery that this transition “feels different” from any in recent memory. Ms. Harris is an archetypical northwest Washingtonian. A   policy wonk, she grew up somewhere else, Atlanta, and got a taste of politics as a student. When Jimmy Carter won the presidency, she was in the unusual position of being 26 and knowing a lot of powerful people here. She attended law school at Georgetown, married a doctor and raised a daughter and a son. Now semiretired, she used to run the Center for Democracy and Technology, which advocates internet freedom. She has often worked with Republicans they are her friends. But when Mr. Trump was elected, suddenly America’s divisions hit home. When Mike Pence, the vice   rented a house nearby, his neighbors decorated their homes with gay pride rainbow flags. When a white supremacist group hosted a dinner at a nearby Italian restaurant, Maggiano’s, protests erupted outside. Then Comet Ping Pong, a pizzeria where Ms. Harris takes her grandchildren, was targeted by a fake news story involving Mrs. Clinton. Ms. Harris, savvy about the media, organized community support. Soon after, a gunman turned up at the restaurant and fired shots inside. “It was beyond my imagination,” she said. Just over the Maryland line, Takoma Park is a “sanctuary city,” which refuses to prosecute undocumented immigrants. Mr. Trump does not look kindly on that. Days after the election, Ms. Bloch, 55, the organizer, helped pull together Takoma Park Mobilization, a new   group aimed at “standing up for our neighbors,” she said. More than 500 people attended the first meeting. They have since divided themselves into committees and subcommittees, with titles like “Immigration” and “Women” and “Civil Rights,” and have been holding weeknight meetings in the firehouse and the airy historical society headquarters, next door to Bikram Yoga and down the street from the food  . Next up: sessions aimed at liberal civil servants agonizing about whether to quit their jobs. “It may be better for us for people to stay,” Ms. Bloch said, “and figure out how to resist within the system. ” In northeast Washington, a heavily   quadrant of the city, such discussions seemed ludicrous people there don’t plan to protest. They just want to stay out of harm’s way. On a snowy Saturday morning at Perfection Unisex Salon, the stylist Chante Watts, 37, urged some of her clients, who are teachers, to come in for cuts on Inauguration Day. They all intend to stay home. She was running a hot comb through the hair of Chris Vera, who helped explain why. Ms. Vera, 32 and a city employee, has been asked to help with the inaugural she fears violence will erupt that day. “Nobody wants to be within a   radius,” she said. “Nobody’s feeling quite safe. ” Yet in the Virginia suburb of Fredericksburg, about an hour’s drive from here and home to many military people and religious conservatives, Tina Whittington, vice president of an   group, has noticed a pickup in home building. “I think there is huge anticipation that this transition is going to be good for our community,” she said, though she confessed that even there, in the heart of Trump country, the feeling is “still a little apprehensive, wait and see. ” In transitions past, Washington has filled with talk of Georgetown parties and the first lady’s ball gown, and how the city’s culture might change. When President Carter left, the capital traded a Georgia peanut farmer and   nuclear engineer for an actor turned politician from California, Ronald Reagan. Bill Clinton brought a touch of Arkansas. George W. Bush ushered in Texas swagger and cowboy boots, and made McLean, where General Hayden lives, the hot neighborhood for that era’s Republican elite. The Obamas honored Stevie Wonder at the White House, and brought in   art and culture. They made the city, where blacks now account for 49 percent of the population  —   down from 60 percent in 2000, a decline that reflects gentrification  —   their own. In black neighborhoods, Michelle Obama will be missed, perhaps more than her husband. (They are not going far. They have rented a lavish home in Kalorama, an exclusive section of the city where Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka and her husband, Jared Kushner, will also live.) But with his wife, Melania, and son Barron keeping their primary residence at Trump Tower at least until the school year is out, Mr. Trump may not be spending much time here. That is fine with Mark Salter, a former aide to Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, who is Mr. Trump’s nemesis on Capitol Hill. “The less he’s here the better, as far as I’m concerned,” Mr. Salter said. Movement conservatives, though, are ecstatic. After eight years in the policy wilderness, scholars at the Heritage Foundation, a policy organization, are helping guide the new Trump administration on ideas and personnel. “Folks were pretty happy,” said Wesley Denton, the Heritage spokesman, when Mr. Trump gave them a   during his recent news conference. But in Democratic policy circles there is little lightness this time around. Neera Tanden, a former adviser and strong ally of Mrs. Clinton, has little patience for questions about the city’s mood. She now leads the Center for American Progress, a leading progressive think tank, a job that makes her a de facto leader of the Democratic resistance. “He’s going to deport undocumented people,” she wrote in an email. “How Washington responds is low on the totem pole of problems with this administration. ” The unease runs especially deep among those General Hayden calls “Republican internationalists,” who advocate engagement with other nations but possess a hawkish suspicion of Russian and Chinese intentions. Having described Mr. Trump as Russia’s “useful fool” on the opinion page of The Washington Post, the general, 71, would never be offered a job. But with Mr. Trump openly questioning the “high confidence judgment” by the C. I. A. about Russian hacking, he has been entertaining a steady stream of visitors wary of joining the new administration. “I say, ‘Yeah, by all means, if the   asks you to serve, consider it seriously,’ ’’ he said. “But don’t think of it as a lifetime commitment you remain a free agent. ’’ If there is a historical parallel to this moment, it may be to President Reagan, said Kenneth M. Duberstein, a former Reagan chief of staff. He recalled how liberal Reagan critics sniffed, “How do you trust this actor with his finger on the nuclear trigger?” conveniently forgetting he had been a   governor of California. (Mr. Trump, by contrast, has never held public office.) And if the denizens of the swamp appear to be in some kind of defensive crouch, Mr. Duberstein says, there is perhaps good reason for that: “Donald is saying there’s a new sheriff in town. ”"
392,17728,"By Announcing New Jobs, Corporations Help Themselves Too - The New York Times",New York Times,Nelson D. Schwartz and Bill Vlasic,2017-01-20,2017.0,1.0,,"Donald J. Trump won’t be sworn in until Friday but big business has already thrown him a veritable inaugural ball. A series of   companies, among them Ford, Lockheed Martin, Amazon and Sprint, have all announced plans in recent weeks to hire and invest in the United States. A who’s who of executives from boardrooms here and overseas have made the pilgrimage to Trump Tower and sought the  ’s blessing. The   drumbeat of announcements  —   on Tuesday it was the turn of General Motors and Walmart  —   is not just about winning good headlines or a favorable mention from the tweeter in chief, however. While the jobs and investments are real enough, all of these corporate behemoths will soon have business before the new administration, with    moves expected on mergers, trade policy, tax reform, defense contracts and regulation. Signaling to the   and his team that they are on board now also provides chief executives with more leverage down the line. “It might be an attempt to buy good will, but I don’t blame them for trying to do that,” said Tom C. Korologos, a longtime Republican strategist and an adviser at the law firm DLA Piper in Washington. “It’s a new administration, and companies are nervous and don’t know what to expect. ” Ultimately, the new administration’s decisions will be formulated far from the limelight in conference rooms at federal agencies in Washington or behind closed doors on Capitol Hill. The money riding on the outcome runs into the trillions. And on   issues, the companies will need to make a strong case. Detroit automakers, for example, are concerned that Washington will impose tariffs on cars made in Mexico, but they are eager for wiggle room on new   standards at home. Walmart is worried about rising trade tensions with China, where many of the products it sells are made. Lockheed Martin, whose chief executive, Marillyn A. Hewson, met with Mr. Trump on Friday and promised to create 1, 800 new jobs, depends on the government for more than 70 percent of its $46 billion in revenue. United Technologies, which agreed to preserve 850 jobs at its Carrier unit in Indianapolis after public pressure from Mr. Trump, gets about 10 percent of its sales from Washington. On a call with the news media on Tuesday, Mr. Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, cited a new pledge by Bayer to invest $8 billion in the United States and create 3, 000 jobs. “The reason for this commitment and expansion is because of the  ’s focus on creating better business climate here in the United States,” he said. What Mr. Spicer didn’t mention is that Bayer, the German chemical giant, faces intense scrutiny from antitrust regulators in Washington and Europe over its plan to buy Monsanto, based in St. Louis, for $57 billion. If Bayer cannot win approval from the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission, it will be costly, with Bayer obligated to pay Monsanto $2 billion under the deal’s terms. Last week, the chief executives of the two companies met with   Trump and made their case for the merger, which some advisers to Mr. Trump have criticized. Mr. Korologos played down the idea that big business would get specific favors in exchange for hiring or investing. But he acknowledged that many of the announcements were choreographed for maximum political impact. “There’s too many hoops to jump through and too many institutions for it to be a simple quid pro quo,” he said. “But what Trump is doing is very unusual, and these decisions weren’t made 48 hours ago or after a tweet. They were in the works for a long time. ” Mr. Spicer did point out that Bayer’s decision to hire and invest more in the United States had not been disclosed previously  —   unlike some highly promoted announcements that were essentially recycled versions of previous news releases. In other cases, companies are talking up hiring plans now, after earlier decisions to quietly shed workers. Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer, said Tuesday it would create about 10, 000 jobs when it opens about 60 new stores, plans that had already been announced last year. The additions to the work force are largely in line with Walmart’s typical hiring practices for new stores, according to a company spokesman, Lorenzo Lopez. Months before it announced the new stores last year, Walmart said it could lose as many as 16, 000 workers by closing 154 of its American locations and 115 stores overseas. Mr. Lopez said on Tuesday that “a lot” of the workers who had been affected by the store closures were able to move to surrounding Walmart stores. In the case of the auto industry, Mr. Trump’s criticism of imports of   vehicles has prompted companies to defend their American manufacturing presence aggressively and announce new investments, some of which had long been in the planning stages. Last week, the chief executive of Fiat Chrysler, Sergio Marchionne, admitted that plans for 2, 000 new jobs in the United States had been under consideration long before Mr. Trump won the presidency in November. “The decision has been in the works for a long time, dating back to 2015,” Mr. Marchionne said during an appearance at the Detroit auto show. “It is just a continuation of the retooling of the U. S. manufacturing base. ” But Mr. Trump’s immediate  —   and positive  —   reaction to the announcement underscored how closely the   is following the automotive job picture, and how his keen interest in American manufacturing is influencing automakers. On Tuesday, General Motors, the largest American automaker, announced $1 billion in new investment in its American factories that would create or retain 1, 500 jobs. The automaker also said it was moving production of axles from Mexico to the United States and creating 450 American jobs, and would continue to add thousands of new technology jobs over the next few years. In a statement, G. M. said the plans had been “in the works for some time. ” Yet the timing of the announcement was no coincidence, given Mr. Trump’s interest. “There’s no question there is an emphasis on job creation in the U. S. right now,” said Patrick E. Morrissey, a G. M. spokesman. “This was good timing for us to share what we are doing. ” Indeed, on Tuesday, Mr. Trump publicly thanked G. M. and Walmart via Twitter within hours of their announcements. Companies are also closely attuned to where government policy is headed, and want to show they are getting with the program, said Bruce P. Mehlman, founder of Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen  Thomas, a lobbying firm whose clients include Fiat Chrysler, Procter  Gamble and Walmart. “In 2009 and 2010 under President Obama, it was sustainability, and in 2017 with Trump it’s domestic manufacturing,” Mr. Mehlman said. For automakers, that is an important issue as G. M. and many other companies make cars in Mexico for sale in the United States. The automaker has so far declined to stop importing cars from Mexico. But the entire auto industry is bracing for potential changes in the North American Free Trade Agreement that could disrupt their intricate production structure in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Industry analysts see the widely publicized announcements of new jobs as attempts by car companies to both blunt the  ’s criticism and curry favor with the incoming Trump administration. “Retaining and growing jobs in the U. S. is a political hot button right now,” said Michael Harley, an analyst with the auto research firm Kelley Blue Book. “The timing of the announcement shows General Motors is more than willing to play the new administration’s publicity game. ”"
393,17729,"In ‘Brexit’ Speech, Theresa May Outlines Clean Break for U.K. - The New York Times",New York Times,Stephen Castle and Steven Erlanger,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"LONDON  —   “Get on with it. ” With those words late in a major speech on Tuesday, Prime Minister Theresa May charted Britain’s course toward a clean break with the European Union and expressed her fondest hope: that the time for “division and discord” is over. Her   speech outlined what promised to be a hugely complex,   negotiation, and it defined the broad objectives, but not the details, of British withdrawal. “The United Kingdom is leaving the European Union, and my job is to get the right deal for Britain as we do,” she said. With the address, Mrs. May began the jockeying that will lead to a break after more than four decades of tight integration, and define Britain’s relations with its neighbors for decades to come. She confirmed that Britain is determined to regain control of migration from the European Union and rejected the supremacy of the European Court of Justice. That stance is anathema to the European Union, which has made the free movement of people  —   as well as goods, capital and services  —   a bedrock principle and which relies on the court to arbitrate. “Let me be clear,” Mrs. May said, acknowledging the differences. “What I am proposing cannot mean remaining in the single market. ” She said that she hoped to complete a final deal with the European Union by March 2019 and that it would be voted on by both houses of Parliament. She was not clear about what would happen if Parliament rejected the deal, though some speculated that a rejection would result in the sort of chaotic, “cliff edge” breakup that she and Britain’s bankers and business leaders hoped to avoid. Mrs. May struck a diplomatic note, including an appeal for a new partnership with Continental Europe, but not at all costs. “We seek a new and equal partnership  —   between an independent,   global Britain and our friends and allies in the E. U.,” Mrs. May said. “Not partial membership of the European Union, associate membership of the European Union, or anything that leaves us half in, half out. ” And she appealed to Britons, especially to those in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, to unite behind the government and stop refighting the referendum that backed leaving the bloc, which she had opposed. The reaction among her opponents in the “remain” camp was predictably harsh and seemed to herald a long and bruising process. “Theresa May has confirmed Britain is heading for a hard Brexit,” said Tim Farron, the leader of the centrist Liberal Democrats. “She claimed people voted to leave the single market. They didn’t. She has made the choice to do massive damage to the British economy. ” The Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, accused the Tories of turning Britain into “a   tax haven,” with their recent threat to slash corporate taxes if a good deal cannot be reached with the European Union. The speech, which provided some degree of substance, gained a warmer reception in the markets, with the pound seeming to stabilize after several jittery days. It rose as much as 1 percent against the dollar during her speech, while stocks on the London exchange fell. Supporters of a withdrawal have been encouraged as well by reports that other countries in the bloc have recognized that they might suffer if there was a complete rupture and they were denied access to London’s financial services sector. But British businesses remained nervous. Carolyn Fairbairn, director general of the Confederation of British Industry, a business lobbying group, welcomed the greater clarity provided by Mrs. May but worried that “ruling out membership of the single market has reduced options for maintaining a   trading relationship between the U. K. and the E. U. ” Kallum Pickering, senior Britain economist at Berenberg Bank in London, was more blunt, writing in an analysis that “as we do not expect the E. U. to compromise its principles, the U. K. is set to face significant economic consequences from Brexit. ” Few analysts expect the negotiations to go as smoothly or as quickly as Mrs. May seemed to say in her speech. In recognition of the troubles that may lie ahead, Mark Boleat, the policy chairman for the City of London Corporation, the heart of Britain’s financial services industry, urged Mrs. May to swiftly secure a transition deal that would provide the certainty that businesses crave. Charles Brasted, a partner at Hogan Lovells, an international law firm, cautioned that the deal Mrs. May wanted was likely to be seen by the European Union as “precisely the cherry picking that they have warned against. ” He added: “The objectives are now clear. The path towards them is uncharted. ” But he warned that “every one of the aspirations expressed by the U. K. government today will demand exceptional political skill to negotiate and will be complex to implement legally and commercially. ” In Europe, Donald Tusk, the president of the European Council, said on Twitter: “Sad process, surrealistic times but at least more realistic announcement on #Brexit. ” Germany’s foreign minister,   Steinmeier, welcomed Mrs. May’s “desire for a positive and constructive partnership, a friendship with a strong E. U.,” which Germany would reciprocate. Mrs. May’s speech, delivered in the grand surroundings of Lancaster House in London, was the most closely watched statement on European policy since January 2013, when the prime minister at the time, David Cameron, promised to hold a referendum on European Union membership. The prospect that Britain would remain part of the single market has been fading since Mrs. May said in October that she would demand complete control of migration from the European Union and release from the European Court of Justice. The extent to which Mrs. May would be willing to compromise to maintain some access to the single market and to the customs union for goods was less clear. Membership in the customs union limits the ability of member countries to strike individual   deals with   nations. So she said she wanted a deal that would allow Britain to trade freely with the world, but still have as much   trade as possible with European Union countries. Ideally, Britain would like to have its cake and eat it, in the memorable phrase of the foreign secretary, Boris Johnson. In other words, Britain would reject what it disliked about the bloc, like freedom of movement, but keep trade unencumbered as it tried to get the best possible trading deal consistent with its other objectives. While European nations are expected to be stingy with market access, Mr. Pickering says he believes they will eventually bend. In the final deal, he wrote, he still expects Britain and the European Union to agree to a deal in which “the U. K. maintains a good level of access to the E. U.’s goods markets and limited access to the   services markets. ” “Crucially, we expect the U. K. to lose its E. U. financial services passport,” Mr. Pickering wrote, referring to a system that allowed banks based in Britain to offer financial services throughout the bloc. “This follows from the U. K. raising some modest barriers to migration from the E. U. ” Many European Union countries have backed taking a hard line against Britain to send a message to other member states that might consider leaving. Anticipating that, Mrs. May said that Britain wanted a successful European Union and a friendly partnership, but that “no deal for Britain is better than a bad deal for Britain. ”"
394,17731,"As Support for E.U. Flags Elsewhere, Bulgaria Sees Its Benefits - The New York Times",New York Times,Boryana Dzhambazova,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"SOFIA, Bulgaria  —   With Bulgaria in the grips of a bank run in the summer of 2014, Lyubomir Vassilev was panicking. Unemployed and living off a compensation package from a workplace accident, he had lost access to his bank account and joined others in street protests when a troubled lender went into bankruptcy, setting off a financial  —   and political  —   crisis. Months later, with his parents having had to borrow money from relatives to help him survive, Mr. Vassilev finally got his $6, 000 back. “After the bank went bankrupt,” he said, “I lost trust in the banking system. ” Mr. Vassilev blamed Bulgaria’s leaders and, like many of his compatriots, attributed the resolution of the crisis to the European Union. Across much of Western Europe, critics complain of distant and unfeeling technocrats in Brussels who enforce arcane rules to the letter, with little understanding of local nuances and needs. Britain’s vote in June to leave the bloc struck a stinging blow against regional unity at a time when confidence was already flagging in the European Union. But Mr. Vassilev and his fellow citizens paint a different picture  —   one of regional officials who hold domestic authorities to account, set higher standards and are more trustworthy than their local counterparts. Bulgaria joined the European Union in 2007, along with Romania. At the time, polling indicated that a slim majority of its population was in favor of membership, hopeful that it would strengthen the Balkan country’s economy and political institutions. In the years since, Bulgaria has remained the bloc’s poorest member state, with a per capita gross domestic product about half the regional average. Still, incomes have risen sharply, billions have been poured into infrastructure and surveys show Bulgarians are still convinced that joining was a step in the right direction. “Bulgaria has clearly benefited since it joined the European Union,” said Ruslan Stefanov, an analyst for the Center for the Study of Democracy, a   think tank. “We’re richer, with a wider choice in terms of jobs and education across the bloc. ” The average Bulgarian now earns 440 euros, or about $470, a month, twice as much as when the country joined. Trade has increased significantly, as companies have taken advantage of membership in the bloc’s single market. Exports to European Union countries have doubled in the years since Bulgaria joined, and sales to other member states now account for   of all exports. There have been other benefits. Tens of thousands of Bulgarians are studying elsewhere in the   European Union  —   a greater proportion of its population than comparably sized member states like Austria, the Czech Republic or Hungary (this is partly a result, however, of the poor quality of Bulgaria’s education system). Even more Bulgarians work and travel throughout the bloc, taking advantage of the region’s free movement of labor. That, according to Mr. Stefanov, has helped keep unemployment relatively low at around 8 percent  —   if Bulgarians cannot find jobs at home, he noted, they look abroad. The European Union has also pumped in billions of euros in aid to help the country build new highways and roads, develop agriculture and rural areas, and protect the environment. Regular reports published by the European Commission on corruption and organized crime  —   persistent problems in Bulgaria  —   have kept local politicians on their toes (though Sofia has made little progress when it comes to uprooting graft and reforming its judiciary). “The fact that Bulgaria is an E. U. member and there are a number of reforms on the way makes us believe that Bulgaria is definitely on the right track,” said Olivier Marquette, managing director for the Bulgarian operations of AES, a power company with its headquarters in Arlington, Va. AES began considering projects in Bulgaria in 2000, when the country was still only a candidate to join the European Union. In the years since, it has invested around €1. 6 billion in three projects here  —   a   thermal power plant, a wind farm and a waste disposal center. It has not always been smooth: It took two years to resolve a dispute with the   utility company, which owed €300 million. Mr. Marquette nevertheless says AES is happy with its bet on the country. A combination of European Union aid, guidance and oversight has meant that within Bulgaria, trust in the bloc and its institutions remains strong, and markedly higher than in most of the rest of the bloc. About 49 percent of Bulgarians say they trust the E. U. compared with 33 percent who do not, according to a 2016 survey by Eurobarometer, which carries out polling in the region. That is the   level of trust of any member state (behind Lithuania and Malta) and around twice as much trust as Bulgarians have in their own government, public institutions or legal system. “People don’t recognize the state as theirs and thus see Brussels as the external power on their side,” said Marin Lessenski, director of the European Policies and Civic Participation Program at the Open Society Institute. The heft of Brussels came into play in 2014. In June of that year, Corporate Commercial Bank, or K. T. B. experienced mass withdrawals after a feud between a local politician and the lender’s largest shareholder. As confidence flagged, a fifth of K. T. B. ’s assets were pulled within a week, and the bank was taken into central bank supervision. The panic soon spread and the next month, Bulgaria’s central bank said it would begin bankruptcy proceedings against K. T. B. Mr. Vassilev was one of many account holders whose lives were thrown into chaos. Lured by the promise of high interest rates, he instead lost access to his savings for months. More than two years on, an investigation into K. T. B. ’s collapse continues. “The mere existence of such a bank indicates some serious deficiencies of regulations and transparency in Bulgaria,” said Dimitar Bechev, the director of the European Policy Institute in Sofia. The European Commission, the bloc’s executive arm, and the European Banking Authority, a regional financial watchdog, repeatedly called on Sofia to fulfill a government guarantee on depositors’ savings. Both opened investigations into whether Bulgarian authorities had breached regional law by delaying payouts. Facing the prospect of formal charges, the government finally began paying back account holders in December 2014 (both inquiries have since been closed). Businesses also benefit from Brussels’s acting as a bulwark against Bulgaria’s politicians, as well as being able to gain access to the region’s single market, able to export their wares without restriction to the rest of the bloc. In recent years, several major manufacturers of vehicle components  —   with clients including Volkswagen, Daimler, Mercedes and Renault  —   have set up shop in Bulgaria. The number of companies in the auto parts sector has tripled since Bulgaria joined the European Union, now numbering around 120 businesses, and last year the industry accounted for 3. 5 percent of the country’s economy. A small   community is also being built, and two   funds have invested more than €20 million in around 200 companies over the last four years, thanks to a European   initiative. The businesses that have received funding include an online marketplace connecting small farms with potential customers a toymaker whose products use energy generated by children playing with them to activate lights and sounds and a company that has developed   and organization software. It is not just fledgling enterprises that see advantages  —   older ones do, too. “Since we joined the E. U. the country has become a more stable and less risky place to do business,” said Manol Peykov, who manages his family’s publishing house in Bulgaria’s   city, Plovdiv. “If it weren’t for E. U. directives and rules, Bulgarian politicians would be untouchable. ”"
395,17732,"In Era of Trump, China’s President Champions Economic Globalization - The New York Times",New York Times,Peter S. Goodman,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"DAVOS, Switzerland  —   In a world troubled by grave uncertainties over the basics governing trade, security and the mission to limit climate change, President Xi Jinping of China on Tuesday portrayed his nation as a responsible global citizen dedicated to furthering international integration. That a leader of the People’s Republic of China can stake a claim to the mantle of leadership in the realm of free trade speaks to the unforeseen, even surreal alteration of the global order in recent months. His message, delivered here in the Swiss Alps at the annual gathering of the World Economic Forum, appeared meticulously timed to the tumultuous moment at hand. He was speaking three days before Donald J. Trump was to be inaugurated president of the United States, raising the prospect of a trade war with China, and on the same day that Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain outlined plans to pursue her country’s departure from the European Union. The Chinese leader used his moment to make an expansive case for globalization as a source of prosperity. He never mentioned Mr. Trump by name, nor did he even make reference to the fact that the White House is about to gain a new occupant. Yet his speech resonated as a rebuke of the trajectory that the   has promised  —   not least, his repeated threat of steep tariffs on Chinese goods as a response to what he portrays as predatory trade practices. In myriad ways, Mr. Xi is a strikingly   steward of openness and connectivity. Under his direction, China’s Communist Party has clamped down severely on civil society, tightening restrictions on the internet and jailing scores of lawyers focused on using the country’s own laws to defend the rights of aggrieved people. He has projected China’s navy into contested waters in the South China and East China Seas. Throughout his speech, Mr. Xi carefully used the phrase “economic globalization,” while avoiding unqualified “globalization,” reflecting China’s spurning of an open internet, universal human rights and free elections. Indeed, the metaphor he used to reject protectionism  —   “like locking oneself in a dark room”  —   could just as well have been used to describe China’s political path under his leadership, with the Communist Party overtly guiding a campaign to restrict the influence of what it labels Western notions such as democracy. This month, China’s top judge delivered a speech sharply criticizing the idea of an independent judiciary, which he said must be “resolutely rejected. ” Not for nothing, China carries a reputation as a country willing to bend the norms of global commerce when such a course suits its interests. Steel producers around the globe complain that Beijing dumps its  steel on world markets at prices lower than the cost of raw materials, costing jobs at mills from Italy to Indiana. But the populist ferment refashioning the global order has made previously unthinkable roles possible. In the United States, the supposed citadel of free market enterprise, a wealthy real estate magnate has captured the White House on the strength of his appeal as a supposed champion of   workers. Here in Davos, where technology executives fret about the plight of   Africa while drinking champagne paid for by investment banks, the chairman of the Communist Party of China  —   an institution that rules in the name of   revolution  —   draped himself in the banner of globalization. None of these details were featured in Mr. Xi’s highly choreographed appearance at the gathering that has become a rite of passage into the ranks of the global elite. For Klaus Schwab, executive chairman of the World Economic Forum, the participation of China’s president amounted to a public relations coup because it was the first time a Chinese head of state had attended. Mr. Schwab obliged with his trademark soft treatment. He asked no questions, solicited none from the audience, and delivered an introductory address so laudatory that it provoked winces among some in the audience. “In a world marked by great uncertainty and volatility, the international community is looking to China to continue its responsive and responsible leadership in providing all of us with confidence and stability,” Mr. Schwab said. That Mr. Xi chose this year to make his debut underscores China’s attempt to improve its international standing just as much of the world appears in turmoil. The United States is about to inaugurate as president someone who has questioned the relevance of powerful institutions that have anchored the world order for decades, from NATO to the World Trade Organization. Britain is pursuing a fraught divorce from the European Union, dealing a blow to those who have advanced regional integration as a solution to economic and security problems. The growing electoral strength of populist,   Union parties in France, the Netherlands, Italy and Germany has intensified fears that the union may not endure. These developments have yielded a gnawing sense that a complex world is suddenly short of adult supervision. Mr. Xi devoted his speech to trying to fill that vacuum, casting China as a trustworthy power in which   people are taking considered action to address consequential challenges  —   from climate change to a weak global economy. “This appears to be a time of uncertainty in the United States, in the U. K.,” said   Lee, a prominent venture capitalist in Beijing who invests in emerging Chinese companies. “The world needs strong leaders to give the world confidence. ” In keeping with the traditions of speeches delivered by senior Chinese officials, Mr. Xi’s address was long on platitudes, tortured metaphors and literary references, while nearly bereft of policy pronouncements. Yet, in totality, it delivered a striking message: In an era in which the United States and Britain are consumed with recriminations over the strains of globalization, China will continue to tether its fortunes to world trade. Mr. Trump has picked as a key trade adviser the economist Peter Navarro, who has long portrayed China as a mortal threat to American prosperity. Mr. Trump has threatened to brand the country a currency manipulator, opening the door to punitive tariffs. Though Beijing has in years past maintained its currency, the renminbi, at artificially low levels to make its goods cheap on world markets, it has in recent months intervened aggressively in the other direction, propping up its value against the dollar. “China has no intention to boost its trade competitiveness by devaluing the RMB,” Mr. Xi said. In another implicit rebuke of Mr. Trump, the Chinese president argued forcefully for   on the 2015 Paris climate accord. Mr. Trump has threatened to renounce the deal while naming to his cabinet several people who question the basic scientific consensus on climate change. “The Paris agreement was hard won,“ Mr. Xi said. “All signatories should stick to it instead of walking away from it, as this is a responsibility we must assume for future generations. ” Mr. Xi was accompanied by an enormous delegation of Chinese officials and business executives who reveled in a moment on the world stage, posing for photos as they awaited the president’s arrival. In conversations on the sidelines, many expressed concerns about the threats of tariffs from the incoming Trump administration, fearing the consequences of a potential trade war between the world’s two largest economies. But most assumed tough rhetoric would eventually give way to the realities of shared commercial interests. China relies on access to the United States, the largest consumer market on earth, as the landing place for its exports. The United States depends upon China for a vast range of finished goods. Jack Ma, founder and executive chairman of Alibaba Group, the Chinese   giant, said he assumed cooler heads would find a way to avoid trade hostilities. “I don’t think it will happen,” he said of the hostilities. “It’s going to be a disaster if it does. ” More than a decade has passed since the United States Congress effectively prevented CNOOC, a Chinese   oil company, from buying the American energy company Unocal, branding the merger a threat to national security. Fu Chengyu, CNOOC’s chief executive at that time, pointed to the treatment of the merger as an indication of American hypocrisy on free trade. But on Tuesday, as he waited for the Chinese president to deliver his address, Mr. Fu, who recently retired from another major Chinese energy company but retains a party post, expressed confidence that Mr. Xi and Mr. Trump would forge common ground. “Eventually, they will cooperate to get more benefits,” Mr. Fu said. “At the beginning, Trump will say something very harsh. He will try to do something punishing. But this is a   sword. Once he’s in the White House, he will see things differently. ”"
396,17733,"Brexit, Chelsea Manning: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times",New York Times,Karen Zraick and Sandra Stevenson,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. President Obama commuted most of the prison sentence of Chelsea Manning, the army intelligence analyst sentenced to 35 years in prison for giving a massive trove of secret documents to WikiLeaks. Ms. Manning, already jailed for nearly seven years, will be freed in May. That rescues Ms. Manning, who has tried to commit suicide twice in prison, from an uncertain future as a transgender woman in a male prison. A White House spokesman stressed the differences between Ms. Manning’s clemency application and the pardon application of Edward Snowden, the security contractor who disclosed archives of top secret surveillance files and is living in exile in Russia. _____ 2.   Donald J. Trump’s nominee for secretary of health and human services, Tom Price, is on Capitol Hill this week for his Senate confirmation hearing. He’ll face hard questions over his trades of medical stocks. If confirmed, he’ll lead the effort to overturn the Affordable Care Act. A new report from the Congressional Budget Office said the repeal would cost 18 million people their insurance in the first year. _____ 3. Nigerian fighter jets hunting for Boko Haram militants mistakenly bombed a refugee camp. The medical organization Doctors Without Borders said at least 52 people were killed and 200 injured. “This   attack on vulnerable people who have already fled from extreme violence is shocking and unacceptable,” said an official with the group. _____ 4. A sense of uncertainty is taking hold around the globe as the U. S. prepares for the inauguration of Mr. Trump on Friday. The predictably unpredictable   upset the leaders of China and various European nations with provocative comments in newly published interviews. The inauguration and related events could cost more than $200 million  —   possibly more than half of it for security. In Washington, which Mr. Trump calls “the swamp” and where 91 percent of voters went for Hillary Clinton, “  panic” is setting in. _____ 5. Britain’s leader backed a clean break from the European Union, its single market and its court system. In a   speech on “Brexit,” Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted a “new and equal partnership” with European nations that would allow Britain to regain control of immigration. _____ 6. The Turkish authorities say the Uzbek man accused of killing 39 people at an Istanbul nightclub on New Year’s Day, above, confessed after being captured. The Islamic State had claimed responsibility for the attack. And the widow of Omar Mateen, who pledged allegiance to Islamic State as he killed 49 people at an Orlando nightclub last year, appeared in court. She is charged with aiding and abetting in the attack, and obstructing the investigation. _____ 7. Almost three years after Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared with 239 people on board, officials called off the search in the southern Indian Ocean, the largest and costliest search in aviation history. Relatives of those lost were distraught. “I can’t imagine living the rest of my life accepting that people just disappeared into thin air,” said a woman whose mother was on board. Above, debris was recovered on an island near Madagascar in 2015. _____ 8. We visited the Office of Presidential Correspondence, where a small army of employees and interns read the letters sent by millions of Americans to President Obama. There are tales of woe, joy, pleas for pardons or help with medical bills, a teenager’s report card  —   all sorts of writings. The team sifts through them, and hands Mr. Obama 10 to read each night. And in the last installment of our   series on Mr. Obama’s legacy, we took a look at how the presidency changed him. _____ 9. A small triangular pendant found during the excavation of a Nazi death camp has intrigued Anne Frank experts. It’s engraved with the words “good luck” in Hebrew. Researchers determined that it likely belonged to a    girl: Karoline Cohn, born in Frankfurt in 1929. It was almost identical to one owned by Anne, who was born there the same year. Now they’re trying to determine if the girls could have been friends, or even relatives. _____ 10. Finally, Americans tend to take less time off than their counterparts in industrialized countries. One survey found the average respondent took 12 vacation days when they had 15. (In Spain, they were 30 for 30.) “Guilt and worry” were common rationales. So here are some tips to make sure you take that break you earned: plan early, get organized, and remember what you’re owed. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s our last briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com."
397,17734,"Brexit, Donald Trump, Chelsea Manning: Your Morning Briefing - The New York Times",New York Times,Charles McDermid,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: • President Obama commuted most of the sentence of Chelsea Manning, the army intelligence analyst convicted of an enormous 2010 leak to WikiLeaks that revealed U. S. military and diplomatic activities around the world. She will be free in five months. The decision will likely come up at Mr. Obama’s final news conference today, along with other legacy issues, like the fight to preserve the Affordable Care Act. A report found that repealing major provisions of Obamacare would cost 18 million people medical insurance in the first year, a number that could increase to 32 million in 10 years. _____ • President Xi Jinping of China continues a visit to Switzerland, with stops at the U. N. in Geneva and the International Olympic Committee in Lausanne. Mr. Xi, who made a forceful argument for free trade, international integration and climate responsibility at the World Economic Forum on Tuesday, appears to be positioning China as a global leader in sharp contrast to the incoming U. S. president, Donald J. Trump. _____ • “Rigged. ” Mr. Trump hit back at a poll that put his favorability rating at 40 percent, compared with President Obama’s 79 percent before inauguration and George W. Bush’s 62 percent. Senate hearings for Mr. Trump’s cabinet picks continue on a packed schedule. And officials are putting the final touches on days of celebrations for his inauguration on Friday, which will also be surrounded by protests. Security costs could  top $100 million. _____ • Australia’s transport minister did not rule out future underwater searches for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, but said that investigators were certain the jet is not on the seabed in the area that searchers had scoured for nearly three years. The decision, while expected, drew criticism from families of the 239 people who were on board _____ • Jay Y. Lee, the Samsung vice chairman, is expected to attend a hearing and then be held in detention  —   possibly overnight  —   to await the decision of a judge in Seoul on whether he should be arrested. Mr. Lee has denied accusations that he paid more than $36 million in bribes to organizations linked to Choi   the unofficial adviser at the center of the corruption scandal that engulfed President Park  . • British American Tobacco is buying all of Reynolds American that it did not already own. The $49 billion deal, if approved by shareholders and regulators, will reshape the global tobacco industry. • General Motors  became the latest company to highlight initiatives following Mr. Trump’s pressure to bolster U. S. manufacturing, announcing a $1 billion investment in American factories. •   the maker of aircraft engines and   turbines, agreed to pay $817 million to resolve corruption inquiries by Britain, the U. S. and Brazil, including accusations of wrongdoing in Indonesia and China. • The New York Times released a review of its newsroom and a blueprint for the future created by a team of seven of its journalists. • U. S. stocks were lower. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. •  Prime Minister Theresa May charted a “clean break” for Britain from the European Union and stressed her country’s determination to regain control of migration. [The New York Times] • A Nigerian fighter jet that meant to strike Boko Haram militants bombed a refugee camp. Doctors Without Borders counted more than 50 dead and 200 injured. [The New York Times] • The widow of the gunman who killed 49 people at an Orlando, Fla. nightclub last year was charged under antiterrorism laws. “She knew he was going to conduct the attack,” a federal prosecutor asserted. [The New York Times] • NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration are expected to announce that 2016 set the record for the hottest year globally. [Climate Central] • The head of Air India was quoted as saying that the carrier planned to set aside seats to allow more protection for women traveling alone. [The Economist] •  Cambodia canceled military exercises with the U. S. for two years, a decision announced weeks after its   exercises with China. [The Cambodia Daily] • Bhutan has struggled to persuade other nations to adopt its Gross National Happiness index as a measure of social ills. [The New York Times] • Fifty years ago this month, Vo Thi Mo led three commando squads against a U. S. Army battalion in the Vietnam War. Here is her story of resilience and survival. [The New York Times] • Maybe don’t skip your workout this morning  —   it just might help your brain grow stronger. • Here is a guide to help you teach young people about philanthropy and offer them the tools to give. • Recipe of the day: For a simple side dish, try braised greens spiced with red pepper flakes. • India’s democracy includes 287 million illiterate people, so party symbols matter. This week, a feud over the image of a bicycle that had split a powerful political dynasty was resolved. • Each spring, poplar trees planted by the millions under Mao blanket Chinese cities with cottonlike balls of fluff. In Beijing, the government hopes to eliminate the fuzz forever. • And we introduce The Long View, in which the historian Jon Meacham looks at books that speak to historical and cultural moments. This first installment looks at the chaotic U. S. of the 1930s. The Oval Office is often used as shorthand for the U. S. presidency, but did you know that fewer than half of the presidents have worked there? During President Theodore Roosevelt’s term ( ) the West Wing was added to hold the executive branch’s growing staff. He had a   office in the addition (now called the Roosevelt Room). Earlier leaders worked in the residence, mostly in what is known as the Lincoln Bedroom. Roosevelt’s successor, William H. Taft, had the Oval Office built and was its first occupant. The design wasn’t novel. George Washington had   rooms in Philadelphia in 1791, allowing him to greet guests circled around him. The pomp mimics an English court tradition called the levée. There was a White House precursor, too. The Blue Room is rounded and used for diplomatic receptions. In the family quarters, there’s a Yellow Oval Room. On Christmas Eve in 1929, the Oval Office was badly damaged in a fire. President Franklin Roosevelt renovated it, moving it closer to the residence. The “commute” is under a minute. Presidents can redecorate, but there are limits. One is that the presidential seal must remain on the ceiling. And there’s an other tradition: the outgoing president leaves a letter on the desk for his successor. Adeel Hassan contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com."
398,17735,Run-Up Since Election Slows as Investors Consider Risks - The New York Times,New York Times,Landon Thomas Jr.,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"With just days to go before the inauguration of Donald J. Trump as president, once ebullient markets have eased a bit as investors have begun to ponder more seriously the risks of a Trump administration. After a   in the weeks after Mr. Trump’s election victory, stock markets in the United States have been little changed in the last month  —   with investors on several occasions stepping back, as opposed to elevating the Dow Jones industrial average past a 20, 000 milestone. The concerns include a dollar that has gained too much in value, worries about trade wars with China and Mexico and, most broadly, a fear that Mr. Trump will not be able to deliver on his promises to cut taxes, increase government spending and reduce regulation. The market declines in recent weeks have been very modest, and investors, for now, seem to be prepared to give Mr. Trump the benefit of the doubt on his plans for the economy. Nevertheless, in the wake of his unpredictable Twitter posts, last week’s  news conference and Mr. Trump’s tough talk about China, a mood of caution has tempered earlier bouts of euphoria. Mr. Trump’s comments over the weekend about the dollar being too strong, about the possibility that more countries will follow Britain out of the European Union and his intention to tax German carmakers for not building factories in the United States all heightened these concerns. “People are concerned about an appreciating dollar, how much higher rates will go and antagonizing China,” Laurence D. Fink, the chief executive of the asset management giant BlackRock, said in an interview last week. “There has been too much conversation about the glories of the U. S. stock market. ” On Tuesday, the dollar’s main index, which is measured against the world’s top currencies, dropped by more than 1 percent. Even   currencies like the Turkish lira and the Mexican peso  —   among the world’s weakest performers in the last month  —   gained ground against the dollar. Economists have warned that an overly strong dollar can hurt the United States economy in several ways. America’s trade deficit would widen as exports stagnate and cheaper goods from Mexico and China flood the market. A long period of a strong dollar also increases the chances of an emerging market crisis, when crucial investment funds flee currencies that are plummeting against the dollar. The price of gold, a traditionally safe investment, was up by nearly 1. 5 percent on the day. The price of the   Treasury note rose, driving its yield  —   an important benchmark for interest rates  —   down to 2. 33 percent from the previous close, 2. 4 percent, a sign that investors are searching for safety instead of returns by loading up on government bonds. And stocks in the United States continued to search for direction in the absence of tangible developments on Mr. Trump’s plans for the economy. The Standard  Poor’s   index closed at 2, 267. 89 on Tuesday, down 0. 3 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average ended down by the same percentage, at 19, 826. 77. The Nasdaq composite index fell 0. 63 percent to 5, 538. 73. Mr. Fink’s view, which is shared by many investors with a global outlook, is that while the   has made bold promises about the need to energize what has been a tepid recovery for the nation’s economy, such transformations do not occur quickly. “These things take months and years to do,” Mr. Fink said. While stock market specialists are in broad agreement that the Trump rally has more room to run, some are beginning to question whether the marked increase in stocks has gone as far as it can without tangible policy results in the form of lower taxes and government spending initiatives. “I wonder if the euphoria has exceeded the fundamentals,” said David Lafferty, chief market strategist for Natixis Global Asset Management. “The stock market is pricing in a   scenario. ” Like many, he worries that such a bout of fiscal expansionism so late in the economic cycle will lead to a sharp increase in prices and a sudden move by the Federal Reserve to play   by raising interest rates faster than the market expects. Economists and investment strategists are also warning of possible global shocks that could unnerve the markets in the next year. While some of these upsets may be driven by the growth of populist political movements, across Europe in particular, this higher volatility would kick in as central banks cease intervening so aggressively in markets. Jens Nordvig, a currency specialist at Exante Data, highlighted three such concerns in a recent letter to clients. He cautioned that it had been 15 years since the last   emerging market crisis and pointed to Turkey’s plunging currency and capital outflows in China as two areas of concern. He also listed a potential breakup of the European Union and any move by Mr. Trump to impose tariffs or other penalties on imports as events that could destabilize markets. “It is a complex world, with messy answers to questions that seemed simple fairly recently,” Mr. Nordvig wrote in his note. “And in this world, significant macro shocks will be more prevalent. ”"
399,17737,Wife of Orlando Gunman Is Charged Under Antiterrorism Laws - The New York Times,New York Times,"Erin Marie Daly, Richard Pérez-Peña and Adam Goldman",2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"OAKLAND, Calif.  —   She fired none of the shots, she was nowhere near the bloody scene, and none of the evidence made public so far hints that she shared her husband’s violent jihadist ideology. Yet Noor Zahi Salman, the widow of the gunman who massacred revelers at an Orlando nightclub, stood before a federal judge on Tuesday as the only person charged in the attack. In the early hours of June 12, Ms. Salman’s husband, Omar Mateen, killed 49 people at Pulse, a gay nightclub, and wounded 53 others in one of the worst terrorist attacks on American soil. Before being fatally shot by the police, Mr. Mateen, a    security guard, declared his allegiance to the Islamic State. Though suspicion and scrutiny naturally fall on people close to someone who commits terrorism or mass murder, it is rare for a wife or a girlfriend to end up facing charges. But in a brief hearing in federal court in Oakland, a federal prosecutor, Roger Handberg, explained why the authorities considered Ms. Salman an exception. “She knew he was going to conduct the attack,” Mr. Handberg said. An indictment unsealed on Tuesday accused Ms. Salman, 30, of “aiding and abetting the attempted provision and provision of material support to a foreign terrorist organization,” a charge that can carry a sentence of life in prison. She was also charged with obstruction of justice for allegedly misleading police officers and federal agents, who interviewed her for 12 hours on the day of the shooting. Ms. Salman went with her husband to buy ammunition, drove him to Orlando when he apparently scouted his target, and knew that he watched jihadist propaganda videos. Those could be innocent acts or indications of criminal culpability, depending on her own intent and what she knew of his. Her fate could turn on evidence about her frame of mind, including how much she was controlled by her husband, who she has said abused her. “We’ve seen the government trying to widen the definition of ‘material support,’ and the increased visibility of women being involved in jihadist movements” makes it easier to imagine charging them with terrorism, said Nimmi Gowrinathan, a visiting professor at the City College of New York who studies women in violent situations around the world. In an interview last fall with The New York Times, her only public statement since the attack, Ms. Salman said she had not known what her husband planned to do, a claim that her uncle, Al Salman, made repeatedly outside the courthouse on Tuesday. Prosecutors, who plan to pursue the case in a federal court in Florida, gave little new information, leaving unclear what evidence they had or why seven months had passed before charges were filed. Ms. Salman, who was arrested on Monday and has a young son fathered by Mr. Mateen, has been living with relatives in Rodeo, Calif. northeast of San Francisco. Visibly shaking in a   and gray jail uniform, Ms. Salman stood in court Tuesday and, in a barely audible voice, told Magistrate Judge Donna M. Ryu, who had to ask her to speak up, that she understood the charges against her. Only when she was led from the courtroom did she raise her head and let her eyes search the packed gallery. On Wednesday, the judge will consider whether to grant bail. The married couple who fatally shot 14 people in San Bernardino, Calif. in 2015 provide the clearest case of a wife as accomplice, but examples remain rare. A study of more than 100 terrorists in Western countries who acted alone or in pairs found that most of them were single.   percent confided in someone about their plans, the authors found, but   research showed that only 4 percent told a spouse, a girlfriend or a boyfriend. The closest parallel to Ms. Salman may be Katherine Russell, the widow of one of the Boston Marathon bombers, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, and the mother of his child. The bombs detonated at the race in 2013 were made in the home she and her husband shared, and testimony at the trial of the surviving bomber  —   Ms. Russell’s    Dzhokhar Tsarnaev  —   indicated that her computer had been used for a search on the rewards that come to the widow of a martyr for Islam. Ms. Russell talked to investigators but refused to testify before a grand jury without immunity from prosecution. Federal agents investigating the case were eager to bring charges against her, but prosecutors decided not to. Ms. Salman and Mr. Mateen’s former wife, Sitora Yusufiy, have both said that he beat them severely and tried to control every aspect of their lives. Citing that abuse, a lawyer for Ms. Salman, Linda Moreno, said recently that it was “misguided and wrong to prosecute her. ” Experts say that domestic violence is a common trait among mass killers and terrorists, and that close relatives are often among their victims. Tamerlan Tsarnaev was also accused of domestic violence by a previous girlfriend. “Misogyny and extremism work together very often, so abuse is entrenched in these cases,” Dr. Gowrinathan, the City College professor, said. But, she added, sympathy for women as victims of abuse tends to evaporate in terrorism cases. At the time of the Pulse shooting, Ms. Salman was at home in Fort Pierce, Fla. a   drive from Orlando, but the indictment charged that she had been abetting her husband’s plans since at least late April. Prosecutors say she knowingly misled the F. B. I. agents and Fort Pierce police officers who interviewed her. The indictment also says the government wants her to forfeit more than $30, 000, which may be connected to the jewelry she has said her husband lavished on her in the final days of his life. In interviews last year, friends and acquaintances described Ms. Salman as a relatively naïve young woman, a doting mother who could have unwittingly witnessed the buildup to her husband’s attack. The daughter of Palestinian immigrants, she struggled in high school, they said, but earned an associate degree at a community college before meeting Mr. Mateen, a son of Afghan immigrants, on an Arab dating website. “I was unaware of everything,” Ms. Salman said in the Times interview last year. “I don’t condone what he has done. I am very sorry for what has happened. He has hurt a lot of people. ” She said that she had known her husband was viewing jihadist videos, but that she had disapproved and forced him to turn them off so that their son would not see them. She said that the drive to Orlando had seemed innocent, and that the ammunition purchase was unremarkable for a security guard who practiced at a shooting range. The F. B. I. questioned Mr. Mateen after he told   in 2013 that he had ties to terrorist groups like Hezbollah, and again in 2014, when his name came up in another terrorism case. But agents never found evidence that he was plotting an attack. In the Times interview, Ms. Salman said she had thought that if her husband had been a danger, the F. B. I. would have arrested him."
400,17738,Search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Is Called Off After Nearly 3 Years - The New York Times,New York Times,Gerry Mullany and Michelle Innis,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"HONG KONG  —   Almost three years after Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared with 239 people on board, officials said on Tuesday that they had called off the underwater search for the plane, ensuring that one of the great aviation mysteries will remain unsolved for the foreseeable future. The decision, which had been expected, indefinitely suspends an intensive   search in the southern Indian Ocean for remnants of the plane, a Boeing 777. The underwater search turned up no traces of the aircraft, although pieces of debris were found as far away as Tanzania. Flight 370 disappeared on the way from Kuala Lumpur, the Malaysian capital, to Beijing on March 8, 2014, prompting the largest and costliest search in aviation history. Investigators determined that the plane veered off course and flew south for several hours, for reasons that remain unknown. “Today the last search vessel has left the underwater search area,” the governments of Australia, China and Malaysia, the three countries that oversaw the search, said in a joint statement on Tuesday. “Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has not been located in the    underwater search area in the southern Indian Ocean,” a zone of more than 46, 000 square miles. “Despite every effort using the best science available,   technology, as well as modeling and advice from highly skilled professionals who are the best in their field, unfortunately, the search has not been able to locate the aircraft,” the statement said. “Accordingly, the underwater search for MH370 has been suspended. ” At a news conference in Sydney on Wednesday, Australia’s prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, said, “We grieve with the families of the victims and we share their deep disappointment that the plane has not been found. ” “There has been a massive search. It is an unprecedented search,” Mr. Turnbull added. “It has been conducted with the best advice over the areas that were identified as the most likely to find the location of the airplane. ” The decision drew sharp rebukes from relatives of the missing. “It is incomprehensible that they would give up right now,” a sobbing Grace Nathan, 28, whose mother, Anne Daisy, was on the flight, said in a telephone interview from Kuala Lumpur. “I can’t imagine living the rest of my life accepting that people just disappeared into thin air. ” Investigators have several theories about what happened. They believe that the plane ran out of fuel, and one theory holds that the pilots tried to make an emergency landing at sea. It has also been suggested that one or both pilots lost control of the aircraft, that one was a rogue pilot, or that the plane was hijacked. What investigators do know from radar and satellite communications data is that the plane made several turns, then flew south for five hours. That information led them to concentrate the search along a   arc from which the plane most likely sent its last signal. The first phase of the search, lasting 52 days, was conducted from the air, covering 1. 7 million square miles and involving 334 search flights. Australia, China and Malaysia have said since July that the search would end if the plane were not found. China is involved because 153 of the passengers on the plane were Chinese. In December, investigators said they may have been looking too far south and recommended expanding the search zone. But the Australian government said that without more credible evidence on a specific location, the search, which cost a total of $150 million, would be called off this month. “We remain hopeful that new information will come to light and that at some point in the future the aircraft will be located,” the statement on Tuesday said. About 20 pieces of debris believed to be from the missing jet have been recovered, including a wing part, known as a flaperon, that was found on Réunion Island, east of Madagascar, in July 2015. That location, combined with analysis of ocean currents, supported the theory that the plane had crashed in the southern Indian Ocean. The end of the search appeared to dash the last hopes of victims’ relatives. “There have been so many similar incidents and people were always able to find something,” said Liu Jiani, whose grandparents, Chinese citizens, were on the plane. “Why has nothing been found?”"
401,17739,New York Times Study Calls for Rapid Change in Newsroom - The New York Times,New York Times,Sydney Ember,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"The New York Times has deftly adapted to the demands of digital journalism, but it needs to change even more quickly, according to an internal report that recommends the company expand training for reporters and editors, hire journalists with more varied skills and deepen engagement with readers as a way to build loyalty and attract the subscriptions necessary to survive. The report, released to The Times newsroom on Tuesday, culminates a year of work by a group of seven journalists who were asked by Dean Baquet, the executive editor, to conduct a review of the newsroom and determine a blueprint for its path forward. Titled “Journalism That Stands Apart,” and known internally as the 2020 report, the document provides a set of broad principles to accelerate the transformation while maintaining a commitment to   journalism. The report comes at a particularly sobering time for the legacy media industry. The steep and continuous decline of   print advertising has led to significant financial challenges for most newspapers, which in turn are cutting costs and trying to find new revenue sources. News organizations, including The Wall Street Journal and Gannett, have made significant cuts in staffing The Journal is currently conducting a newsroom review similar to that of The Times, called WSJ2020. Among the other recommendations in The Times’s report were reducing duplicative layers of article editing, and having visual experts play “the primary role covering some stories”  —   part of an urgent call for more visual journalism. The report also calls for a renewed focus on diversity within The Times as a way of ensuring that the paper’s journalists “reflect the audience we seek. ” “The world is changing really rapidly,” David Leonhardt, a columnist who led the group’s work, said in an interview. “We have to keep up, and even get ahead of it. ” In a note to the newsroom, Mr. Baquet and Joseph Kahn, The Times’s managing editor, endorsed the group’s recommendations, saying they outlined an “opportunity we have to produce an even more vital, more authoritative, more indispensable” news report. The 2020 group acknowledged “budget realities” that would affect newsroom turnover, but it did not identify specific areas to be cut. Mr. Baquet and Mr. Kahn, however, went beyond the report and more bluntly addressed the need for staff cuts, saying that moving away from “duplicative and often   line editing” would lead to reductions in the editor ranks. “Let’s not be coy,” they wrote. “The changes will lead to fewer editors at The Times. ” In an interview on Tuesday, Mr. Baquet acknowledged that The Times had long valued its meticulous editing, and reducing its editor ranks represented a “significant cultural transformation. ” But, he said, “I do not believe that eliminating some of that editing will make us a lesser institution. ” The plan to cut back on editors reflects a broader effort by legacy publications to streamline their operations and align themselves with leaner digital media companies, which built their newsrooms without the kind of multilayered editing process inherent in print production. “If you look at any newsroom that was built for a digital environment, they don’t have anything like the editing structure that The Times has,” said Joshua Benton, the director of the Nieman Journalism Lab. “On the one hand, that is something that The Times is differentiated through. But on the other hand, if you do need to become more efficient, then some reduction there does make sense. ” Mr. Baquet and Mr. Kahn said in their note that the shift to digital publishing demanded a “smaller and more focused newsroom,” but added that the reconfiguration should be viewed as “a necessary repositioning of The Times’s newsroom, not as a diminishment. ” An announcement about downsizing in the newsroom will come in the first half of the year, Mr. Baquet said. Their note also laid out some concrete steps for various projects, including a plan to invest $5 million toward covering the incoming president, Donald J. Trump, and his administration. The report coincides with a series of broader changes at The Times, including a reimagining of the print newspaper an aggressive international expansion a heightened emphasis on graphics, podcasts, video and virtual reality the $  purchase of the product recommendation site The Wirecutter and its sibling, The Sweethome and changes in top newsroom management. The Times also recently appointed A. G. Sulzberger as deputy publisher, positioning him to succeed his father, Arthur Sulzberger Jr. as publisher. Many of the initiatives are intended to support an ambitious goal that The Times laid out in October 2015: to double its digital revenue, to $800 million in 2020 compared with $400 million in 2014. Last year, the report says, The Times generated nearly $500 million in purely digital revenue. The Times and other news organizations are also bracing for the challenges of covering an administration that is openly hostile to the news media, while trying to forge a stronger connection to the large bloc of voters who swept Mr. Trump to the presidency. At The Times, the election threw the newsroom into a period of   as it grappled with criticism that it had missed the signs pointing to Mr. Trump’s victory. In the days after the election, Mr. Baquet and the elder Mr. Sulzberger sent notes to the newsroom and readers reassuring them that The Times remained committed to holding powerful people and institutions accountable. Mr. Baquet initially planned to release the report in November, but it was pushed back after the unexpected election results, which demanded the organization’s full attention. Within The Times’s newsroom, where the impending staff cuts have some employees on edge, the report did not satisfy those looking for specific guidance on their future. Several employees said much of the report merely confirmed many of the initiatives that were already underway. Some expressed frustration that the report did not provide details about layoffs and that there was little information about how individual departments might be altered or how specific jobs might change. Instead, the report emphasizes The Times’s strengths and lays out a series of broad recommendations intended to ensure the company’s survival for years to come. Mr. Baquet said the goal was to put in place as many recommendations as possible this year. Several of them have been introduced, including the creation of   newsroom teams and a restructuring of the copy desks. Most important, the report affirms The Times’s commitment to its   revenue model, a departure from many other publications, both traditional and online, whose businesses are built on   visitors and clicks. “We are, in the simplest terms, a   business,” the report says. “We are not trying to maximize clicks and sell   advertising against them. We are not trying to win a   arms race. ” Among the report’s recommendations is that The Times improve and expand its training efforts and accelerate hiring to shift the balance away from   roles. The goal is to reconfigure the news report so that it aligns with the range of digital offerings audiences now expect. “It’s the single biggest message the committee delivered,” Mr. Leonhardt said. The 2020 committee also recommends that The Times continue to reduce the role the print newspaper plays in determining the daily rhythms of its journalism, while maintaining it as a valuable attraction to readers. “Our future is much more digital than print,” Mr. Leonhardt said, “and so the question then becomes how do you accomplish both of these at once?”"
402,17740,"Vivian Howard, a TV Chef, Offers Hope for Her Rural Hometown - The New York Times",New York Times,Kim Severson,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"KINSTON, N. C.  —   Just before Christmas, in the soup kitchen that serves this small town built on tobacco, textiles and hogs, the chef and cooking show star Vivian Howard finished stirring a pot of pork and sweet potato stew and turned to a local television reporter. How does it feel, the reporter asked, to know that she had saved her hometown? “If I had saved Kinston,“ she replied, “we wouldn’t need a food bank, and all these people wouldn’t be waiting for lunch. ” Ms. Howard, 38, has been called many things. Her mother calls her the life of the party. Her father calls her Big Time, a nickname from her childhood. A few of the 80 people she employs call her a control freak. But “hometown hero” may be the label that makes her most uncomfortable. “Saving a town was not what I was trying to do,” she said. “I’m just a storyteller. A storyteller who cooks. ” Still, Ms. Howard, the girl who spent her childhood plotting an escape from this rural eastern North Carolina county, has become an unlikely engine in its economic and cultural revival. Twelve years ago, when her family talked her into coming home to open a restaurant, she thought that somehow she had failed. Now, Ms. Howard is five seasons into “A Chef’s Life,” her popular public television show. Her restaurant, Chef  the Farmer, attracts talent from the best professional kitchens in the South traveling food celebrities drop by to learn about the region. New restaurants, galleries and a brewery have come to town. The lady who taught her how to make biscuits can charge tourists $100 for a private lesson. At first glance, the show seems an unlikely hit: a     about running a restaurant, managing a family and how best to cook regional specialties like cabbage collards or flounder caught from the nearby Atlantic, or seasoning meat coaxed from the jowls and tails of pigs. Guests include the guy at the fish store, the neighbors who make collard kraut, and the farmer who sells the restaurant its vegetables. But to many of the show’s three million fans, and to the guests who travel hundreds of miles to eat at her restaurant, Ms. Howard is a rural Princess Leia. In the wake of an election that laid bare the nation’s political, cultural and economic divisions, her life has a particular resonance with the kind of people who see her story as theirs. “What I came to realize was that much of rural America feels forgotten and misunderstood and, frankly, hopeless,” Ms. Howard said. “Urban folks are afraid of rural folks, and rural folks are afraid of urban folks. On our show, we try to bridge the gap. ” She and her team paid for the first season, which aired in 2013, with a crowdsourcing campaign and a little money from organizations like the North Carolina Pork Council, Blue Cross Blue Shield and a group of civic leaders. The show was something of a Hail Mary pass for a region trying to find something to replace tobacco production and factory work. “I like to call it more like ‘Waiting for Guffman,’” said Ben Knight, 40, Ms. Howard’s husband and the restaurant’s manager, who enjoys his own celebrity status among fans. The show caught on, winning a Peabody Award and a daytime Emmy. Sponsorship is so robust that they can afford to pay some of the local residents who appear as guests. On about any weekend night, most of the 220 diners who land a seat at her restaurant will be from somewhere else. Her parents, John and Scarlett, are regulars. After they eat, they’ll take a spin through the parking to count the    license plates. “It’s the darn craziest thing I have ever seen,” John Howard said. “People will drive 300 miles for a meal. ” (As one of the state’s largest commodity hog producers, he also can’t believe the price his daughter pays for local,   pork.) On a recent night, Sarah Reichard, 35, arrived for dinner with her husband, Mitch MacDougall, 34. The vacationing Maryland couple had brought a copy of Ms. Howard’s   new book, “Deep Run Roots,” neatly annotated, with sticky notes marking their favorite recipes. At 564 pages, the book is both an important catalog of the unique cooking style of coastal North Carolina and a record of the emotional journey of a young woman who grew up feeling disenfranchised and ashamed of her people. Ms. Reichard, who was raised in a small Pennsylvania town, trembled as she spoke with Ms. Howard. “She talks about things I feel all the time,” she said. “I hate where I’m from, too. ” From as early as she can remember, Ms. Howard had wanted to get out of Deep Run, the slip of a community near Kinston where she was born. She was in boarding school by 14, then headed to North Carolina State, where she dreamed of becoming a journalist. She moved to New York, burned out at an advertising agency, and stumbled into a waitressing job at Voyage, a globally influenced   restaurant in the West Village. There, she fell in love with a   Mr. Knight, 40, an artist who paints large abstract works with glossy acrylics. She attended the Institute of Culinary Education, interned at Wylie Dufresne’s   and cooked on the line at   Vongerichten’s Spice Market. The couple were selling soup from their Harlem apartment when her    asked them to come home to Kinston and open a restaurant in the building he had bought in the faded downtown district. They moved in 2005, happy to be out of New York, living   and   in a little house on the river that her father calls his nap shack, and finding their way in the community. Still, the economic reality was grim. Hurricane Floyd had ravaged the region six years earlier. The tobacco warehouses and shirt factories had long been shut down, and the DuPont polyester plant was a shadow of its former self. “Everyone here had an excuse for why they hadn’t left yet,” Ms. Howard said. “I was like, ‘I should be ashamed of this place, too. ’” In what seemed to many a foolish move, they opened Chef  the Farmer. At first, they served fancy city food. She remembers the day her sister pointed out that three of the four desserts had vegetables in them, and that didn’t mean carrot cake. “I was cooking down to people,” Ms. Howard said. “I didn’t feel like these people had anything to teach me. ” She decided to embrace the local dishes she had grown up eating. She could elevate the wild muscadine grapes, the   butter beans and the “tom thumbs”  —     pork sausages whose casings are made from pig appendixes. In the process, she elevated herself. She came to consider the people in her town as guides to a stronger, simpler way of living. Buoyed by the increased interest in Southern cooking and a few good mentions in the regional press, she persuaded the documentary filmmaker Cynthia Hill to make a TV show. Ms. Hill had grown up seven miles away from Ms. Howard, and she understood the desire to leave a place and then come home again. “Initially, I think she was just trying to save herself,” Ms. Hill said. “In the process, she is saving a lot of people. ” The show has started a sort of renaissance in the town, where a local investor has opened a boutique hotel and the   Mother Earth brewing company and taproom. Storefronts are being refurbished. The couple has opened an oyster bar and burger joint called the Boiler Room across the alley, and are planning a bakery. “I don’t think she realized this was all going to happen, but right now she’s the hometown girl that made good and came back, which gives her some cachet,” said Bill Smith, a chef and Southern food authority who grew up in the area. Mr. Smith appeared on a recent holiday special, helping Ms. Howard and her neighbors kill a pig and make corned ham from it. Not everyone, however, is entirely enamored of the food. Grayson Haver Currin, until recently a longtime editor at Indy Week, an alternative paper published in the    Hill triangle, thinks chefs like Sean Brock in Charleston, S. C. and Ashley Christensen in Raleigh do a better job interpreting the traditional Southern culinary canon for modern eaters. “That said, in Kinston it’s kind of   that food like that exists,” Mr. Currin said. “The story of that family and what they’ve accomplished in   postindustrial America is fascinating. But it’s a slow process and it’s a limited process. No matter how many $   restaurants you put in that town, you can’t change the economics and racial realities. ” The average annual income in Lenoir County, which has about 58, 000 people, is $20, 191. In Kinston, the county’s most populous community, almost 70 percent of the residents are black, while most of its elected leadership is white. At the fish store and the Piggly Wiggly, black customers didn’t seem to know about Ms. Howard’s show or her restaurant. The managers, who were white, did. The region’s troubles only got worse in October, when floodwaters brought on by Hurricane Matthew devastated the community. Four died, bridges were washed away, and roads were closed for weeks. Four of the six hotels in the town flooded, and more than 3, 200 people applied for help from the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Ms. Howard was on her book tour when the hurricane hit Kinston. Her marketing plan was to tour 24 cities in a   food truck. For $50, people got a book and a simple supper, like a bowl of eastern North Carolina fish stew and eggs, built from chunks of fish layered with potatoes and onions and flavored with onions, tomato paste and chile flakes. All but one event sold out. Fans lined up to tell Ms. Howard about their mothers who, like hers, suffer from rheumatoid arthritis. Ms. Howard’s young twins are sometimes on the show, which led to a parade of parents eager to discuss their own twins. Chelsie and Jono Brymer, a young couple from Trenton, Mich. drove to Chicago just to see her. They, too, had moved back home, to a struggling former steel town, to open a little French cafe called Promenade Artisan Foods. “We watched the show and realized we were not the only ones who ask ourselves if we were crazy to do it,” Ms. Brymer said. By the time she returned home, Ms. Howard was exhausted. From the road, she had organized a statewide fish stew   for flood victims that raised more than $30, 000. She had shaken hands with so many strangers that she felt like a politician. She had seen her    twins, Florence and Theodore, maybe four times during the tour. Ms. Howard vowed to stay home more, tending both to the children and to the restaurant in a more balanced way. There would be no more   with her face on them, and less energy spent on expanding her line of sauces and rubs. And Ms. Howard is changing the show, now shooting its fifth season. It will still be set in eastern North Carolina, but it will shift the focus to the people in her life who cook food from other cultures. “There’s only one of me,” she said, “and I have to decide what I want to do. ” Recipe: Eastern North Carolina Fish Stew"
403,17741,Russian Dissident Artist Will Seek Asylum in France - The New York Times,New York Times,Rachel Donadio,2017-01-22,2017.0,1.0,,"PARIS  —   He has nailed his scrotum to the cobblestones of Red Square, sewn his lips shut to protest   restrictions and set fire to the doors of Russia’s Federal Security Service. Now, Pyotr Pavlensky, Russia’s     performance artist, has fled to France, where he intends to seek political asylum. Russian authorities questioned Mr. Pavlensky and his partner, Oksana Shalygina, last month after an actress at an   Moscow theater filed a complaint accusing them of sexual assault. The couple deny the allegations, saying that the encounter was a consensual threesome and that the case is politically motivated. Amid the ambiguities  —   and at a time when violence against women is a topic of intense debate in the country  —   Russia’s cultural opposition is now divided over a figure once seen as a symbol of the resistance to President Vladimir V. Putin’s Russia. Mr. Pavlensky and Ms. Shalygina have not been formally charged, but were questioned by the police in Moscow on Dec. 15 and informed that they could face up to 10 years in prison. Told not to leave Moscow while the case was pending, they said they saw what was likely to happen and took their daughters, ages 6 and 8, to France over the weekend after spending a month in Ukraine. “We’ve become victims of this investigation,” Mr. Pavlensky said in an interview on Monday in a Paris cafe, speaking Russian through an interpreter, and with Ms. Shalygina at his side. “It’s like a horrible dream that you can’t even imagine. ” The situation  —   with its charges of a honey trap and “kompromat” (compromising material gathered by the authorities)  —   reflects the climate of suspicion and growing authoritarianism in Russia, where artists like the female punk band Pussy Riot have faced jail, but, for the most part, outright   censorship has given way to artistic   in the face of changing laws and cuts to culture funding. The accusations, however, have prompted even some supporters of Mr. Pavlensky to question his behavior. The theater where the actress works, Teatr. doc, is known for   plays that have criticized and angered the Russian government, and it has supported Mr. Pavlensky in the past. But its leadership has seconded the assault accusations and defended the actress against the couple’s assertions that she was working for the state. This is not the first time Mr. Pavlensky has found himself in the cross hairs of the Russian authorities. Over the years, they have ordered him to undergo a dozen psychiatric evaluations, a technique long used to quash political dissent. In 2014 he chopped off his right earlobe for a piece called “Segregation,” inspired by van Gogh and intended, he said, to show that “psychiatry is a collection of subjective opinions. ” After setting fire to the doors of Lubyanka, the Moscow headquarters of Russia’s infamous security service, in 2015, he served seven months in pretrial detention on charges of vandalism. (He called that action “Threat” and said it was intended to illuminate “what people prefer to forget,” that the security apparatus hadn’t changed since Soviet times.) He was released last June with a fine, a move human rights activists said was intended to avoid an international incident of the kind that ensued after members of Pussy Riot were jailed in 2012 on charges of hooliganism for performing an   song in a Moscow church. Soon after, Mr. Pavlensky said, he gave some lectures at Teatr. doc. It was at one of them last September that he met the actress who later filed the assault complaint. Mr. Pavlensky said that on Dec. 4, the actress texted Ms. Shalygina. The couple  —   who say they have an open relationship  —   invited her to their Moscow apartment that evening. “We talked about art,” he said. “We sat and drank coffee. We drank Cognac, but not a lot. ” “There was some form of intimacy,” he added. “And then she said she wants to leave. We said, ‘Fine, no problem.’ We parted as friends. ” Both Mr. Pavlensky, 32, and Ms. Shalygina, 37, said it was the first time the three had had sex together. Yuri A. Lysenko, a lawyer for the actress, said that Mr. Pavlensky had committed a “crime,” a rape, and that he wanted to portray the police investigation as politically motivated to avoid punishment. Adding to the confusion over the allegations, this week Teatr. doc posted on its Facebook page a video dated Oct. 31 that it said showed Mr. Pavlensky and others beating up a man they said was the actress’s boyfriend, in the theater’s parking lot. Mr. Pavlensky said that the video was “murky” and that he didn’t recognize himself in it. But he said he had been involved in a physical altercation with the actress’s boyfriend in October, when he and others confronted the man over allegations that he had beaten her. The Interfax News Agency reported that the police told him that a criminal case had been opened about the fight. Mr. Pavlensky said that was not the case. Mr. Lysenko said the fight with the boyfriend and the sexual assault allegations were “not related. ” He then added: “You have to ask Mr. Pavlensky if he has seen a psychiatrist recently. What he did is part of his carefully crafted plan to paint his crime in political colors. ” In a Facebook post that she said would be her last word on the matter, Yelena Gremina, the director of Teatr. doc, called the couple’s claims that the actress worked for the security services “slander. ” On Russia’s vibrant social media, artists are divided over the case. “The hysteria with Pavlensky is an alarming sign that anyone who becomes a significant ‘fighter against the regime’ is immediately put on a pedestal and declared a saint,” the artist Lena Hades wrote on Facebook. Others came out against Mr. Pavlensky. “Alas, yesterday a national hero and a great performance artist, today  —   it’s true  —   a criminal, a psychopath and a rapist,” Olga Papernaya, a former art director at a Moscow film club, wrote on Facebook, suggesting that she was friends with the actress. “For now, the authorities are winning,” Mr. Pavlensky said. The press is weak, he added, and “the   opposition” divided, even over Russia’s annexation of Crimea. “But each move is not the last,” he said of the country’s situation. “It’s not clear who will have the last word in this conflict. ”"
404,17742,Republican Men Say It’s a Better Time to Be a Woman Than a Man - The New York Times,New York Times,Claire Cain Miller,2017-01-19,2017.0,1.0,,"To be a woman in the United States is to feel unequal, despite great strides in gender equality, according to a   poll about gender in postelection America released Tuesday. It’s catcalls on the street, disrespect at work and unbalanced responsibilities at home. For girls, it’s being taught, more than boys, to aspire to marriage, and for women, it’s watching positions of power go to men. Men, however, don’t necessarily see it that way. Those are some of the findings from the poll, by PerryUndem, a nonpartisan research and polling firm whose biggest clients are foundations. It surveyed 1, 302 adults in December via the National Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago’s AmeriSpeak panel.   percent of women said sexism was a problem in society today, and 41 percent of women said they had felt unequal because of their gender. Men underestimated the sexism felt by the women in their lives, the survey found. And while most respondents agreed it’s a better time to be a man than a woman in our society, only Republican men thought it was a better time to be a woman than a man. As women across the nation prepare to march in protest of an election in which gender loomed large, the poll results reveal nearly unanimous support for gender equality and policies that would help women  —   but deep partisan divides in the perception of inequality and of who’s thriving and who’s losing in society. Many Americans seemed to think others had it better than they did, especially Republican men. Over all, only 37 percent of respondents thought it was a good time to be a woman in the United States. Fewer thought it was a good time to be a minority woman 24 percent said it was a good time to be a Latina, and 11 percent a Muslim woman. Republican men seem to see it differently. Just over half thought it was a good time to be a woman, while only 41 percent of them thought it was a good time to be a man. Donald J. Trump’s rhetoric has appealed to people who feel this way. At his victory rally in Cincinnati last month, he said about women: “I hate to tell you men, generally speaking, they’re better than you are. Now, if I said it the other way around, I’d be in big trouble. ” Dennis Halaszynski, 81, is a retired police captain in McKeesport, Pa. and a registered Democrat who voted for Mr. Trump. “It’s easier being a woman today than it is a man,” he said in an interview. “The white man is a low person on the totem pole. Everybody else is above the white man. ” Women “should be highly respected,” he said, but they are no longer unequal: “Everything in general is in favor of a woman. No matter what happens in life, it seems like the man’s always at fault. ” Democrats of both genders were much more likely to have felt unequal because of some aspect of their identity  —   68 percent, compared with 47 percent of Republicans. Gender, race and religious views were the biggest reasons. The only reasons Republicans were more likely than Democrats to feel unequal were their religious views and military status. There is overwhelming support for gender equality in work, life and politics: 93 percent of respondents said they believed in it. But 43 percent of male Trump voters said it had already been achieved. Only 20 percent of those polled and 12 percent of women agreed. The disparity is partly because people define equality very differently, based on their politics and gender. A majority of respondents said the following things affected women’s rights and equality: unequal responsibilities caring for children violence against women a focus on women’s beauty and sexuality the lack of women in political office and positions of power sexism racism equal opportunities in the workplace and access to birth control and abortion. But in almost every instance, Republican men had a different view. For example, 51 percent of respondents but 24 percent of Republican men said a lack of women in political office affected women’s rights.   percent of respondents over all and 36 percent of Republican men said unequal responsibilities caring for family affected women’s rights. Even men who said women were still treated unequally underestimated the sexism that women experience. While 41 percent of women said they frequently or sometimes heard sexist language in their daily lives, 26 percent of men thought their partners did.   percent of women said they had been touched by a man in an inappropriate way without consent, while 31 percent of men thought their partners had. “The typical catcalling or comments or inappropriate gestures that men make toward you, I don’t think there’s any women who haven’t experienced that sort of harassment,” said Cristina Hall, 44, who works in customer service in San Diego. But she was not surprised that men didn’t realize it. “I think when people don’t go through certain experiences, it’s hard for them to understand that it even happens,” Ms. Hall said. “Maybe they’ve never done it to a woman. Plus as women, we don’t typically say anything because of fear we’re not going to be believed or retaliation or shame. ” About 40 percent of women said acts of sexism would be more likely because Mr. Trump won, including sexual assault and feelings of entitlement among men to treat women as sexual objects. About a third of respondents said they were less tolerant of sexism in their own lives as a result of Mr. Trump’s victory, and 43 percent of parents said it made them teach their children about sexual assault and consent. “People seem to feel validated in their racist and sexist beliefs right now,” said Tayler Lien, 22, a   college student in Las Vegas who voted for Hillary Clinton. “It’s a little bit scary. ” There was widespread support among large majorities in both parties for policies that would help women, like equal pay and paid leave. These have been rallying cries for feminists and progressives, and Republicans have traditionally opposed them. Congress failed to act on those policies during the Obama administration, but Mr. Trump has said he would push for them. Ninety percent of the respondents and 86 percent of Republicans supported the idea that the next president and Congress should work on equal pay laws.   percent of respondents supported policies improving access to   affordable child care, and 87 percent supported paid family and medical leave. Policies concerning reproductive rights were the exception to the bipartisan support.   percent of Republicans and 82 percent of Democrats said they supported work toward protecting a woman’s right to abortion from the next president and Congress, and 40 percent of Republicans and 80 percent of Democrats opposed getting rid of the part of Obamacare that offers birth control without a  . Peg Cherry, 83, a lifelong Republican who voted for Mr. Trump, said only     jobs were available when she was young. She worked   in retail and elder care jobs while raising five daughters. All five worked  —   “a feather in my cap,” she said  —   and so she supports policies like equal pay and paid leave. She thinks Mr. Trump will deliver. “I think he’s going to put his money where his mouth is,” said Ms. Cherry, who lives in Lisbon Falls, Me. “I think he’s more likely to because, look, he’s had his daughter in charge of a company and he could very well put a man in there. ” Ms. Cherry is not the only one pinning her hopes on Ivanka Trump for   policies.   percent of people, including the majority of Democrats, said they wanted her to help push forward on women’s rights and equality. Despite the widespread support for gender equality and certain feminist policies, only 19 percent of respondents said they considered themselves feminists. There was no clear consensus on who best represented feminism today. The largest shares of people, both women and men, named two black women: Michelle Obama and Oprah Winfrey."
405,17743,"Transition Television, From PBS and CNN - The New York Times",New York Times,Neil Genzlinger,2017-01-17,2017.0,1.0,,"This is just a guess, but the   programming that is all over television at the moment feels as if it might go largely unwatched. The offerings are generally some combination of   retrospective and       analysis. Do admirers of President Obama really want to revisit his slow slide from 2008 triumph to 2017 vilification? Do fans of the   Donald J. Trump, want to do anything other than say, “Don’t let the door hit you on the way out” and then plunge into their new opportunity? That said, let’s see if we can find any reason to watch two of this week’s programs: four hours’ worth of “Frontline” on PBS titled “Divided States of America,” and a CNN production, “The End: Inside the Last Days of the Obama White House. ” The “Frontline,” which is being broadcast in   chunks on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, is a rehashing of recent history that is for the most part all too familiar, a drumbeat of events that led to a government and a country defined by polarization. Large stretches of it aren’t particularly enlightening  —   who needs to relive the dreary, predictably acrimonious battles over budget stalemates and health care, or to hear sound bites of   radio stars fanning the flames of racism and hate? The structure of this trip down memory lane doesn’t make it any more palatable. Michael Kirk, who made the documentary, is largely content to let the usual talking heads be the guides  —   journalists, political operatives, lawmakers or former lawmakers. Some of them are from the same chattering class that failed to grasp the rise of Mr. Trump in the first place. Hindsight wisdom of this sort seems especially out of place now. As for the ordinary Americans who put Mr. Trump in the White House, we hear them mostly in   clips that only reinforce the easy stereotypes about them. Despite those criticisms, the program does manage to weave a convincing tapestry of discontent, and not just from the obvious threads. Have you forgotten, say, the odd 2009 incident in which Henry Louis Gates Jr. the Harvard scholar, who is black, was arrested after having to force his way into his own home because of a jammed door? This program hasn’t, and places it in the context of the growing schism that ultimately made Mr. Obama a divider rather than a uniter. So the documentary, though it’s not particularly rewarding to watch, does achieve its goal of painting a portrait of a country that is about as disunited as it could be, thanks to economic forces, increasingly unveiled racism and an anger that continues to be hard to pin down. President Obama’s early   pronouncement that the country isn’t a collection of red states and blue states, but is “and always will be the United States of America” is heard here. By the program’s end, it has never seemed more naïve. The CNN program, Wednesday night, is the better of the two, capturing a lot of honesty as it follows staff members in the Obama White House during their final days. It has partisan stretches, of course, but its most interesting passages are a study of what has to happen to transfer the government from one group of handlers to another, regardless of who is transferring to whom. To watch this program is to be impressed with the magnitude of what will happen this week. “It’s the largest takeover of any organization not only on the planet but in history,” says Max Stier of the Partnership for Public Service, an organization focused on improving government effectiveness. Then he notes why it’s especially important now. “The point of maximum vulnerability for our nation is at the transition,” he says, “and in a    world, doing this really well is vital. ”"
406,17744,"In N.F.L. Betting, Patriots Are Closest to Being a Sure Thing - The New York Times",New York Times,Victor Mather,2017-01-21,2017.0,1.0,,"A lot of different things could happen in the N. F. L. conference championship games on Sunday. But oddsmakers are pretty sure what is likely to happen. The New England Patriots will beat the Pittsburgh Steelers by about 6, and the Atlanta Falcons will defeat the Green Bay Packers by 4 or 5 in a   affair. One of the truisms of gambling is that it is difficult for a team to be a great bet week in and week out. That’s because the more a team wins and covers the spread, the higher its spread will be the next week and the week after that. Eventually, most teams congregate close to . 500 against the spread for the season. That makes this season for the Patriots all the more remarkable. Despite being favored in 15 of 16 games by as many as 17 points, the Patriots finished   against the spread, earning a tidy profit for those who bet them blindly. That was the best record in the league. It seems hard to remember, but in Week 1, the Patriots were   underdogs to an Arizona Cardinals team that had impressed last season. Part of that gap was no doubt attributable to the status of quarterback Tom Brady, who was sitting out the first game of his   suspension for his role in the scandal involving the deflation of footballs. The unheralded backup Jimmy Garoppolo was up to the task, though, and the Patriots won in an “upset” that later events proved wasn’t so much of one. The Cardinals finished   . Favored in every game for the rest of the season, the Patriots won 14 of 16   games and covered the spread in 13 of them. The only time they did not was in Week 12, at the Jets, when the spread was 9½ and they won by 5. The Patriots more than made up for that four weeks later when they faced the Jets at home and were stuck with their biggest spread of the season, 17 points. Bettors reluctant to lay so many points were burned when the Patriots romped to a   win. By the time of the playoffs, the bookmakers were well aware of the Patriots’ tremendous record and posted a huge number, 16 ½, for their game against the Houston Texans. The line seemed somewhat insulting to Houston, which, after all, had won its division and beat the Oakland Raiders in the   round. But the Patriots covered again, winning by 18. Before you mortgage your house to bet on every Patriots game next season, be aware that trends like these seldom last more than a year. Last season’s best team against the spread, the Minnesota Vikings, at   did post a winning record again this season, at  . But the Cincinnati Bengals, who were    in 2015, staggered to a    record against the lines this season. N. F. L. games this season averaged a total of 45. 6 points scored. So the bookmakers’   of 51 on the Patriots game indicates they expect it to be somewhat high scoring. But it should be nothing compared with the   game, which has a whopping   of 61 points. That’s the highest   ever for a playoff game, Bookmaker. eu reports. The previous high was 59. 5, for the     round between the New Orleans Saints and the Detroit Lions. (They scored 73 and went over.) The highest   total came in 2000 between the Rams and the San Francisco 49ers. That total closed at 61. 5, and the teams combined for 58 points, just going under. “Bettors perceive these teams as two of the most potent,   teams in the league, and they witnessed them score 65 points in a Week 8 shootout,” Scott Cooley of Bookmaker. eu said. He also noted that “football rules have changed to enable more scoring. ” He added: “The quarterbacks and pass catchers are protected in a way they weren’t in the past. We are also seeing more pass interference calls with the new rules that cater to the offense. ” Big   totals are often not big enough. OddsShark reports that of the 10 highest totals in history, eight ended up going over. In general, totals for college and N. F. L. games have been creeping up every year as   offenses increasingly dominate. The Falcons led the league in scoring at 33. 8 points per game, and the Packers were fourth at 27. 0. The two teams have gone over in all three of their playoff games this season. If the game ends   regardless of who wins, we’ll have the biggest surprise of the season."
407,17746,Life on the Farm Draws Some French Tired of Urban Rat Race - The New York Times,New York Times,Benoît Morenne,2017-01-18,2017.0,1.0,,"   France  —   Two years ago, Elisabeth Lavarde decided to quit her office job in Paris and start a new life in    a small town with two butchers and one baker just south of the capital. Ms. Lavarde, 39, is now an apprentice farmer at a   farm that grows organic vegetables, sold directly to local consumers. New farmers like Ms. Lavarde usually make what they see as a decent salary of about 1, 500 euros, or about $1, 600, a month, slightly above the French minimum wage. “I wanted a job with more meaning,” she said. “I felt like I was tilting at windmills. ” Alongside the experienced farmer she has been paired with as part of a training program set up by an association that nurtures   farmers, Ms. Lavarde grows around 40 kinds of organic produce, including tomatoes, potatoes, cauliflowers and carrots. As the sun was about to set behind rows of cauliflower plants on a recent afternoon, Ms. Lavarde gazed over the land she cultivates. A few yards away, a large shelter of tarpaulins rippled in the wind. Ms. Lavarde and her farming tutor, Guilain Vergé, 31, use the shelter to do their bookkeeping and to keep track of their crops on a whiteboard as they wait for authorization from the local government to build a decent barn. It’s all hard work, she acknowledges. But, she says, “Seeing the sky every day, be it blue or gray, it’s amazing. ” More younger people like Ms. Lavarde are making lives as   farmers in France, drawn in some cases by idealistic notions of tilling the land and of getting away from the rat race of the cities. They often leave behind   jobs, as well as relatively comfortable lives that they nonetheless find unfulfilling. Powering this   farming drive is a thriving market for organic food that amounted to nearly €7 billion in France in 2016, according to Agence Bio, which tracks the trade in the country. The drive has also been bolstered by an increased awareness of the environmental and health benefits of consuming local products. Before they can set up shop, however, new entrants have to overcome a range of obstacles, including navigating their way through a labyrinthine bureaucracy that oversees building permits and the distribution of land. The Duke of  Sully, a minister of King Henri IV of France in the early 17th century, once described “plow and pasture” as the lifeblood of the French economy, and farming has long been romanticized in a country that values gastronomic treasures like Camembert cheeses and Bordeaux wines. But the reality is much bleaker for most farmers, who say they feel constrained by European Union regulations and who have been hit by global competition, shrinking margins and poor harvests in recent years. Generous agricultural subsidies mostly benefit large farms. In France, a farmer commits suicide almost every other day, a rate 20 percent higher than the national average, according to a 2016 report by the national public health agency. That dire outlook, however, has not deterred people like Ms. Lavarde from taking up farming, even if established farmers view their efforts with skepticism. Standing near a frozen wheat field near Ms. Lavarde’s farm, Bruno Gilles, 47, a   farmer who grows cauliflowers, tomatoes and other vegetables, was skeptical about Ms. Lavarde’s chances of success, citing narrow margins and competition from farms that produce vegetables  . “It’s going to be very hard,” Mr. Gilles said, his arms folded over a military sweater. The first test for new entrants might be their hardest: finding land. “I find myself to be extremely lucky,” Ms. Lavarde said. “When I see other people around me, access to land truly has been an obstacle for them. ” Since the 1960s, that access has been tightly regulated through regional agencies that act as intermediaries between   and those either selling or renting. The agencies have traditionally favored established farmers over new entrants, many of whom grow alternative products based on   organic farming and have modest farming experience. Ms. Lavarde said that when a young farmer she worked with set out to find agrarian land in the area of    she discovered that a tract had been allocated to a conventional farmer without anyone informing her that it was available. Ms. Lavarde found a plot to farm through Les Champs des Possibles, which translates roughly as Realm of the Possible, a nonprofit that pairs new farmers with experienced farmers on test farms for two or three years. “We provide them with land if needed, with a status, with means of production, with professional support,” said   Cavalier, an agronomist at Reneta, a national network of 70 testing grounds, of which Les Champs des Possibles is a member. At the end of their training period, aspiring farmers have agrarian experience, some money in the bank and mentors to vouch for them when they fill out papers to apply for land. Part of the problem with land allocations is the lack of farms on the market, said François Purseigle, a sociologist at   an agronomy engineering faculty in Toulouse, in southern France. “We have guys in the fields that think: ‘I’m keeping my farm. My children are teachers or doctors, so they’re not going to take over. I have a crummy pension. I’ll still keep that property because, you never know, it could 