1.
Who are Toyota's (TM) main suppliers?
BY NICK K. LIOUDIS   Updated Dec 12, 2017
As the world’s second-biggest car manufacturer, with more than six million cars sold as of July 2017, Toyota Motor Corp. (NYSE: TM) has a diverse supply chain to support its business operations. In Japan, Toyota buys directly from 200 component suppliers. Based on data from Toyota’s headquarters, the 200 suppliers account for 2 billion units of which 150,000 types are purchased monthly. The total value of purchased components is pegged at $300 million a month.

The company, founded in 1937, spends approximately $32 billion per year on supplier parts and materials, goods and services in the North American market. The company typically gets much of its component parts from suppliers at the local level, preferring a long-term contract to assure a steady supply of everything from upholstery to tires to windshields.

While supply contracts are never set in stone, maintaining strong ties with its top suppliers is a priority for the Japan-based multinational auto manufacturer. To maintain its relations with suppliers, Toyota hands out awards yearly to suppliers that exceed performance targets. In March 2016, Toyota’s North American operations gave its highest recognition to Fuel Total Systems Corp., OTICS USA, Somic America, Inc., Sumitomo Electric Wiring Systems, Inc. and TAIHO Manufacturing, while 42 other supplier companies also received awards of excellence.

Toyota has a wide range of suppliers that also include the likes of Tesla Motors, which previously signed a $100 million agreement to supply the power train for RAV4 EVs; Samsung Electronics, which created a Car Mode App connecting Samsung smartphones to Toyota radios; Bridgestone Americas to supply tires for the Toyota FJ Cruiser model; and Cypress Semiconductor to provide the touchscreen for the Toyota Avalon.

In Toyota’s Detroit plant, the Camry model alone has suppliers such as Magnuson Products, IPT Performance Transmission, Goodridge Fluid Transfer Systems, MagnaFlow, Autometer, Impact Racing, Goodyear, Nitrous Supply and Optima Batteries. The finishing touches before the Camrys are delivered to dealers are provided by Fast Ed's Interiors and the Polishing Shop.

In some instances Toyota has created downstream industries that were formerly integral parts of the company. The likes of Nippon Denso Co., which manufactures air conditioners, and Aisin Seiki Co., which produces components and systems for automobiles, started out as part of Toyota but later became independent corporate entities. Nippon and Aisin continue to be principal suppliers for Toyota but also manufacture products for other car manufacturers.

Since most modern cars have built-in infotainment systems, Microchip Technology serves as a supplier not only for Toyota but for other manufacturers as well, including General Motors. With its efficient supply chain in place, Toyota expects to remain one of the world’s most profitable car manufacturers in the foreseeable future.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.
	BMW to supply diesel engines to Toyota
Share on Twitter (opens new window)
Share on Facebook (opens new window)
Share on LinkedIn (opens new window)
Save
Save to myFT
Jonathan Soble in Tokyo and Chris Bryant in Frankfurt DECEMBER 1, 2011 Print this page0
BMW has agreed to supply Toyota with diesel engines for some of the Japanese carmaker’s European vehicles, in a deal that could pave the way for broader co-operation between the two companies.

The tie-up, announced at the Tokyo Motor Show on Wednesday, also commits BMW and Toyota to joint development of “next-generation” lithium-ion batteries, to be used in future versions of the groups’ electric and hybrid vehicles.

Didier Leroy, president of Toyota Motor Europe, said the supply arrangement was one facet of an expected larger collaboration”. Toyota said it hoped the deal would help shorten development times for its European models.

The Japanese company has been the leader in petrol-electric hybrids since it introduced the Prius compact nearly 15 years ago, but its more limited diesel line-up has hurt its sales in Europe, where diesel engines are especially popular.

Under the deal, BMW-made 1.6-litre and 2.0-litre engines are to be installed in still-unspecified Toyota models beginning in 2014. Financial details and volume targets were not disclosed.

Carmakers are increasingly forming development and production alliances to share costs and build scale. This year Toyota and Ford agreed to collaborate on a hybrid drive system for trucks, and BMW and Peugeot Citroën created a joint venture to make components for hybrid and electric cars.

The Toyota-BMW deal follows the acrimonious breakdown of another, more ambitious German-Japanese partnership, that between Volkswagen and Suzuki. Suzuki claims VW did not follow through on a promise to share engine technology, and is demanding VW sell back Suzuki shares it bought to seal their alliance in 2009.

“Fundamentally we are both engineering companies, so in many aspects we have found that we speak the same language,” Mr Leroy said of the more limited BMW-Toyota deal. “Of course, we will remain competitors, but the collaboration has been excellent so far and will deliver what the partners and the market expect.”

It is not the first engine procurement agreement between the two companies. From 2002 to 2005, Toyota supplied smaller 1.4-litre diesel engines to BMW for use in early versions of the German group’s relaunched Mini hatchback.

Toyota’s expertise in hybrid technology is a key attraction for BMW. The tie-up also offers BMW the chance to expand its engine sales activities.

BMW signed a deal in 2010 with US-company Carbon Motors to supply diesel engines for a new fleet of police cars and a few months later the Munich-based carmaker agreed to supply engines to Saab.

This year, BMW added an engine-supply deal with Fisker Automotive. “Toyota has a wealth of experience to offer when it comes to battery technology,” said Ian Robertson, BMW’s board member for sales and marketing head. “And the BMW Group has long been at the forefront developing some of the most technologically advanced clean diesel engines available.”

“It is precisely because of hybrids, electric vehicles and clean diesel that the continued development in innovative power train technologies is so vital,” Mr Robertson added. “We see our partnership as an important step forward. It will help both companies bring even more sophisticated hybrid and clean diesel vehicles to customers.”

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.
Toyota recognizes its top North American suppliers
RP news wires, Toyota 
Tags: supply chain, manufacturing
DENSO, Johnson Controls Inc. and MAHLE earned top recognition from Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America Inc. (TEMA) at its annual supplier business meeting (ABM). The awards recognize suppliers who exceeded the company’s expectations in several areas.
“As Toyota redoubles its efforts to improve quality, our suppliers’ commitment to flexibility and continuous improvement is crucial to Toyota now more than ever,” said Tetsuo Agata, TEMA president. “Our supplier partners are working with us to assure the best possible product for our customers.”
Now in its 14th year, ABM allows TEMA to discuss business objectives with direct suppliers in preparation for the upcoming fiscal year. Held at the Northern Kentucky Convention Center in Covington, Ky., ABM brings together approximately 800 attendees from across North America. In the U.S. alone, there are about 63,000 supplier jobs across 38 states dedicated to Toyota. Moreover, Toyota collectively spent nearly $25 billion on parts, goods and services last year in North America.
Potential suppliers who wish to do business with Toyota can visit www.ToyotaSupplier.com for information on the company’s purchasing policies, principles and supplier diversity efforts.
TEMA 2009 Supplier Award Recipients
QUALITY AWARDS
Awarded to suppliers who demonstrate quality in production, performance, delivery, warranty and service
 
Supplier	Location	Commodity	Award
Aisin Light Metals, LLC.	London, Ky.	Bumper reinforcements	Excellent
American Fine Sinter, Co. Ltd.	Tiffin, Ohio	Valve seats	Excellent
DENSO International America, Inc.	Southfield, Mich.	Multiple commodities	Superior
DTR Tennessee, Inc.	Midway , Tenn.	Anti-Vibration Rubber	Excellent
Franklin Precision Industry, Inc. (Systex Products Arkansas Corp.)	Osceola , Ark.	Engine Plastics	Excellent
Intat Precision, Inc.	Rushville , Ind.	Iron Castings	Excellent
International Crankshaft Inc	Georgetown , Ky.	Forged Crankshafts	Excellent
Jernberg Division of HHI Forging	Chicago , Ill.	Wheel hubs	Excellent
MAHLE Engine Components USA, Inc.	Farmington Mills, Mich.	Multiple commodities	Superior
Mitchell Plastics	Kitchener, Ontario Canada	Stampings, brackets, oil pans, fuel tank straps & hinges	Excellent
OTICS USA Inc.	Morristown, Tenn.	Camshaft bearing caps, fuel pipe, value rockers	Excellent
U.S. Engine Valve	Westminster, S.C.	Intake/exhaust valves	Excellent
VALUE IMPROVEMENT AWARDS 
Awarded to suppliers who demonstrate value and cost competitiveness
 
Supplier	N.A. Corporate Location	Commodity	Award
DENSO International America, Inc.	Southfield, Mich.	Multiple commodities	Excellent
TRW Automotive Electronics	Livonia, Mich.	Air bag sensors, wireless door locks, tire pressure monitoring	Excellent
SUPPLIER DIVERSITY AWARDS
Awarded to suppliers who implement supplier diversity activities and targets
 
Supplier	N.A. Corporate Location	Commodity	Award
Diversity – Vuteq, LLC.	New Albany, Miss.	Interior plastics	Special Recognition
Exide Technologies	Milton, Ga.	Batteries	Special Recognition
Johnson Controls, Inc.	Milwaukee, Wis.	Seats	Superior
Shape Corp.	Grand Haven, Mich.	Impact beams and energy management absorbers	Special Recognition
Walbridge	Detroit, Mich.	Construction services	Special Recognition
TECHNOLOGY AWARDS
Awarded to suppliers who demonstrate safety, quality, cost and environmental leadership
 
Supplier	N.A. Corporate Location	Commodity	Award
DENSO International America, Inc.	Southfield, Mich.	Compact TFT Module	Excellent
Keiper LLC	Troy, Mich.	Seat floor locks, recliners	Excellent
Magna Seating	Novi, Mich.	Seat recliner assemblies	Excellent
Sika Corporation	Lundhurst, N.J.	NVH components & sealers	Excellent
Valeo Lighting Systems and
Valeo Sylvania Co., LLC	Seymour, Ind.	Lighting	Excellent
LAUNCH AWARDS 
Awarded to suppliers who demonstrate quality and delivery for new vehicles
 
Supplier	Location	Commodity	Award
D.A. Inc.	Hudson, Ind.	Stamping	Excellent
F&P America Manufacturing, Inc.	Troy, Ohio	Rear suspension frame	Excellent
Midway Products Group	Charlestown, Ind.	Assembly	Excellent
LG Fox, Inc.	Princeton, Ind.	Construction & Assembly	Excellent
TEAM AWARD 
Total Exceptional Achievement for Manufacturing Award for suppliers that excel in overall performance
 
Supplier	N.A. Corporate Location	Commodity	Award
DENSO International America, Inc.	Southfield, Mich.	Multiple commodities	Total Performance

4.Apollo Tyres partners Volkswagen, Ford in Europe
The tyre major had earlier been primarily focusing on replacement market in Europe.
Apollo Tyres today said it has started supplies to various passenger car makers in Europe, including Volkswagen and Ford.
The company’s premium tyre brand Vredestein has been selected as a fitment on the Volkswagen Polo, Seat Ibiza and Ford EcoSport and the supplies have already begun to these auto makers, Apollo Tyres said in a statement. The tyre major had earlier been primarily focusing on replacement market in Europe.
“By entering the supply chains of world-leading carmakers such as Volkswagen, Ford and SEAT, Apollo Tyres has embarked on a very important journey with European original equipment manufacturers (OEMs),” Apollo Tyres Vice Chairman and MD Neeraj Kanwar said. There are several other OE approvals in the pipeline for the passenger car tyres, he added.
The company said it has started tyre supplies to the European customers from its Hungary-based manufacturing facility. In India, the company continues to partner various leading passenger vehicle manufacturers.

5.Apollo partners Volkswagen, Ford in Europe as OE supplier
The company's premium tyre brand Vredestein has been selected as a fitment on the Volkswagen Polo, Seat Ibiza and Ford EcoSport and the supplies have already begun to these auto makers, Apollo Tyres said in a statement.
 The tyre major had earlier been primarily focusing on replacement market in Europe.
New Delhi: Apollo Tyres today said it has started supplies to various passenger car makers in Europe, including Volkswagen and Ford.
The company's premium tyre brand Vredestein has been selected as a fitment on the Volkswagen Polo, Seat Ibiza and Ford EcoSport and the supplies have already begun to these auto makers, Apollo Tyres said in a statement.
The tyre major had earlier been primarily focusing on replacement market in Europe.
"By entering the supply chains of world-leading carmakers such as Volkswagen, Ford and SEAT, Apollo Tyres has embarked on a very important journey with European original equipment manufacturers (OEMs)," Apollo Tyres Vice Chairman and MD Neeraj Kanwar said.
There are several other OE approvals in the pipeline for the passenger car tyres, he added.

6.Maruti Suzuki likely to become OEM for Volkswagen
05 August 2010
Suzuki Motor Corp is looking at extending its partnership with Volkswagen with Suzuki India Ltd becoming an original equipment maker for the German automaker for markets outside India.
Maruti Suzuki managing director and chief executive Shinzo Nakanishi said on Wednesday that the company might look to manufacture cars for Volkswagen's global market on a contract basis, in a deal similar to that with Nissan.
"Talks are on with Volkswagen at a global level, but there is still no clear picture. Collaboration can happen in production and product planning between the two companies. The possibility is that we will act as the original equipment maker (OEM) to Volkswagen," said Nakanishi.
Speaking on the sidelines of a function to launch the Alto K10 - a longer and more powerful version of the current Alto 800cc - Nakanishi said exports to Europe for the year are expected to be down 20-30 per cent and that it was looking at other export markets to fill the gap. Last year, it exported 1.2 lakh units to Europe.
Company officials had earlier said that Volkswagen has sent teams to Maruti's facilities to review the cost-competitive manufacturing facilities of the company at its Gurgaon facility. In December last year, Volkswagen had bought a 19.2 per cent stake in Maruti Suzuki's Japanese parent, Suzuki Motor Corp, for $2.5 billion, fuelling rumours of platform sharing and partnerships across markets. While Suzuki is a known expert in small cars, Volkswagen has more experience in larger cars and diesel engines.
Reports said Volkswagen was sourcing technological help of Suzuki to fine-tune its compact car Up!, a concept car it had showcased three years ago. The cost of manufacturing this five-seater small car is way above the car models it has to compete with.

8.Who Supplies What To The Maruti Suzuki Dzire

The Dzire from Maruti Suzuki has been able to carve a niche for itself in the crowded entry-level sub 4-metre sedan segment. With the launch of the third-generation Dzire, MSIL has upped the ante by offering a more refreshing upgrade to the Dzire. It scores big points in terms of safety, practicality and convenience, and features a distinctive design theme, which is sure to carry its legacy forward in the Indian market.
The new Maruti Suzuki Dzire carries forward the engine options from the previous generation Swift Dzire with the addition of Auto Gear Shift (AGS) transmission for both petrol and diesel variants. The 1.2 l petrol engine still produces 82 hp and 113 Nm of torque and the 1.3 l Multijet diesel motor is also good for 74 hp and 190 Nm of torque. The car is built on an all-new Heartect platform and uses 36 % higher tensile strength steel. This has allowed the company to reduce the weight of the new Dzire despite the new platform being stronger than its predecessor. MSIL has also increased the wheelbase of the car liberating space inside the cabin, which has translated into more leg space at the back. In terms of features, the new Dzire gets ABS with EBD & Brake Assist, Dual Airbags, ISOFIX child seat anchor and front seat belt pre-tensioners with force limiter.
Maruti has reworked the engines a little to increase their thermal efficiency which in turn has translated into better fuel efficiency. The company claims that the diesel motor of the Dzire will return a fuel efficiency of 28.4kmpl, while the petrol engine is capable of delivering 22 kmpl. The new Dzire is 3,995 mm long, 1,735 mm wide and 1,515 mm tall. The wheelbase and boot space of the car have been increased and now stand at 2,450mm and 378 litres, respectively. The ground clearance has gone done by seven mm and now stands at 163mm. The new Dzire has been reworked and features an all-new front end that’s an improvement over its outgoing predecessor. The interiors feature a new flat-bottomed steering wheel with audio and phone controls, AC rear vent, new instrument panel with integrated SLDA (smartphone linkage display audio) system, Apple CarPlay and Android Auto.
 

DRIVE TRAIN
Automated Manual Transmission [Diesel 1.3L]
MAGNETI MARELLI
Transmission Piston Accumulator
FREUDENBERG
Accelerator Pedal Sensor
HELLA
Shock Absorbers & Struts
TENNECO
Bushings
VIBRACOUSTIC
 

EXTERIOR
Door Trim Panel
KRISHNA MARUTI
Wiring Harness
MOTHERSON SUMI
Shock Absorber Seal
FREUDENBERG
Wiper System
DENSO
 
 

CHASSIS
Fog Light Lamp
MAGNETI MARELLI
Rear Lamp Bulb
MAGNETI MARELLI
Tail Lamp
MAGNETI MARELLI
Multirib Belts
CONTINENTAL
Front Lighting
LUMAX
Headlamp
LUMAX
 

ELECTRIC/ELECTRONICS
Condenser with Radiator
DENSO
Fuel System
PLASTIC OMNIUM
Cooler EGR
BORGWARNER
Turbo/ Supercharger
TURBO ENERGY
Fuel Injector
BOSCH/DENSO
Exhaust Cold End
FUTABA
Diesel Filter
UFI FILTERS
 

INTERIOR
Central Body Control Module
OMRON
Seat Recliner
TECHNICO SHIROKI
Air Temperature Sensors
HELLA
Manual Heater Control
JAY U-SHIN
Seat Assembly
KRISHNA MARUTI
Rain Light Sensor
VALEO
Floor Console
MINDA
Power Window
DENSO
10.Suppliers to the Volkswagen Golf
Continental keeps Golf drivers safe with sound
A number of German suppliers contribute key parts to the new Volkswagen Golf.
The car features a new Crash Impact Sound Sensing system from Continental. The system recognizes the sound of an impact and analyzes the data to determine if the airbags should be activated and whether a one- or two-stage deployment is required.
ZF Lenksysteme provides the Golf’s electric power steering and Röchling Automotive contributes the interior trim and door module carriers.
Benecke-Kaliko provides artificial leather and expanded and soft foils for the passenger compartment while Robert Bosch’s Blaupunkt unit and Continental contribute to the car’s infotainment features.
11 What are VWs OEMs (Original Equipment Manufacturer)?
A: VW makes cars, which is an assembly of components, but not all components
are made by VW. In fact, VW makes mainly the body and the power train, the
rest they buy from elsewhere.
The OEM parts can often be had for less than buying the same VW part.
Most of the ones listed below will have a VW part number, but are also to
be had directly from the OEM w/o the VW part number.
For example MANN makes VW filters with the VW label, but the same filter
also exists with the MANN label.
In other cases, VW uses parts w/o restamping or hiding the OEM name for
marketing reasons, e.g., Recaro seats, BBS rims.
The OEM suppliers are (not exhaustive, changes frequently):

   ATE                    Brake components (master cylinder)
   BBS                    Rims, some cars, not restamped
   Beru                   Electrical components (rotor, cap)
   Boge                   Shocks & components
   Boka                   Waterpump, Mexican made VWs
   Bosch                  Many of the electronic components (e.g. Alternator)
                          Fuel, other filters, FI, antenna
   Continental            Drive Belts, Tires (note, they also make Uniroyal
   			  Semperit, Gislaved and General Tires)
   FAG                    Brake components, master cylinders, wheel bearings
   Fichtel & Sachs        Clutches, shocks on some cars
   Fuba                   Roof mounted antenna (flexible one)
   Gillet                 Exhaust (at least at some point)
   Girling                Front disc brakes < 81, F&R on Passat >8?, 
   			  Rear 16V GTIs
   Glazurit/Hoechst/BASF  Brand of paint used.
                          Unclear who produces water based paints in newer VWs
   Golde		  Sunroof Maker
   Hella                  Lights, markers, bulbs
   Hengst                 Oil filters VR6
   Hirschmann             Antennas, some VWs
   Keiper/Recaro          Makers of VW Seats (not *real* Recaros)
   Kesley-Hayes           Front Brake calipers most > 81 cars
   Leistritz              Exhaust (for some--usually VR6 cars)
   Loebro                 CV Joints
   M.A.N.N.               Oil & Air Filters
   Matsushita             Heidelberg (VI & others) radios.
   Motorola               Alternator in some US made cars
   Recaro                 Seats, some cars, not restamped
   Ronal                  Alloy rims some Audis/VWs
   Sekurit                Windshield, windows
   Sofica                 Radiators, Heater cores (French), prone to leaks
   TRW                    Power steering pumps
   Teves                  Rear disc brakes (GTIs, GLIs, Corrado)
                          Note: ATE = Albert Teves, div IT+T
   VDO,MotoMeter          Gauges
   Wahler                 Thermostats

13.
Group CEO Matthias Müller talked about partnership and the transformation of the automotive industry in his speech: “We must make further progress together and become better and better. Never before have not only the pressure, but also the opportunities been as great as they are today. If we are willing to change, we can successfully master the transformation in our industry.” Müller underlined that e-mobility and battery technology, autonomous driving, digitalization throughout the value chain, and new mobility services are not passing trends: “That is the future of our industry – our common future. Thank you for your willingness to explore new pathways with us.”
Garcia Sanz said: “A strong and uncomplicated partnership network based on a level playing field where information is exchanged almost in real time is essential to our success. And this must above all be a network that stands for transparency, openness and courage.”
This is already the 15th time that the Volkswagen Group has honored its best suppliers of the previous year for their innovative strength, product quality, development competence, sustainability, and professional project management. This year, the Volkswagen Group also recognized achievements in the new mobility solutions category for the first time. The Group’s “TOGETHER – Strategy 2025” program for the future lays the foundation for sustainable success in the mobility world of tomorrow and for becoming a globally leading provider of sustainable mobility. Collaboration with competent and innovative partners is one of the key factors for success.
“On behalf of the Volkswagen Group, I would like to thank you and especially your employees for your commitment and performance last year”, Garcia said, expressing his appreciation to the guests during the award winning ceremony. 
“We need a partnership network based on a level playing field that stands for transparency, openness and courage”
Board Member for Procurement, Garcia Sanz
The 19 winners of the Volkswagen Group Award 2017
Award winner	Country	Category	
AISIN AW CO., Ltd.	Japan	Innovation & Technology	
Aleris Switzerland GmbH	Switzerland	Sustainability	
ALLGAIER Automotive GmbH	Germany	Capacity	
Behr-Hella Thermocontrol GmbH	Germany	Innovation & Technology	
Bridgestone Corporation	Japan	Innovation & Technology	
Bürener Maschinenfabrik GmbH	Germany	Capacity	
Dr. Schneider Holding GmbH	Germany	Innovation & Technology	
Dürr Aktiengesellschaft	Germany	Global Champion	
Fritz Dräxlmaier GmbH & Co.	Germany	New Mobility Solutions	
Hamburg Südamerikanische Dampfschifffahrts-Gesellschaft KG	Germany	Global Champion	
LG Electronics Inc.	South Korea	Innovation & Technology	
Leopold Kostal GmbH & Co. KG	Germany	New Mobility Solutions	
Motherson Sumi Systems Ltd.	India	Innovation & Technology	
Muelles y Ballestas Hispano-Alemanas S.A.	Spain	Local Champion	
Nucor Corporation	USA	Local Champion	
Pino Components SL	Spain	Global Champion	
thyssenkrupp AG	Germany	Global Champion	
Visteon Corporation	USA	Innovation & Technology	
Witzenmann GmbH	Germany	Capacity	
14.
The sum of the parts
Volkswagen plays catch up with Fiat and other competitors by combining all the company's parts makers under one roof.
Electric cars have a long list of components that are different from parts in cars with internal combustion engines, such as a need for batteries and electric motors and not needing transmissions. Facing a transition to more electric vehicles in the next decade, carmakers are preparing by spinning off their parts manufacturers, allowing them to move jobs out of high-wage locations like Europe.
Volkswagen is the latest company to get on the bandwagon for separating components manufacturing from its car business. A company spokesman confirmed Tuesday that a new division for vehicle components will be established with 80,000 employees working at 56 factories around the world. These factories will make parts for both combustion and electric vehicles, though not at the same sites.
The separation of the car parts business is just one of the steps VW CEO Matthias Müller is taking to revamp the company two years after a scandal about emissions testing cost the firm €30 billion in fines and lawsuit settlements. VW also is changing its relationship with car dealers, introducing online car shopping and reducing the number of showrooms in Europe.
At present, each of VW's divisions provides its own components, so Audi makes transmissions exclusively for Audi and Porsche does the same. The new idea is to have one unit that makes parts for all VW cars. The new business unit will be led by Thomas Schmall, who is currently head of supply at VW. It will be managed as a separate entity within VW, producing mainly engines and transmissions.
VW is playing catch-up with other carmakers that have already taken this plunge. General Motors spun off its Delphi parts business in 1999 and Ford sold its Visteon subsidiary a year later. Both firms have radically downsized as car parts manufacturing has become specialized. Denso, the parts business of Toyota, was spun off and became the second largest parts manufacturer in the world.
Fiat Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne announced last month that his firm would sell off its parts business, called Magneti Marelli, and list the company on the stock exchange next year, cutting the company’s debt substantially.
Volkswagen is being more conservative than its Italian rival, not even talking about bringing the division to the stock market, which some analysts believe is a mistake. “The spin-off should only be the first step,” said Arndt Ellinghorst, head of global automotive research at investment bank Evercore in London. “The competition is already there and VW is behind what other companies are doing.”
The main argument is that parts suppliers become more efficient when they are competing on the global market separately from the car producers they once served. But it’s also true that many components for electric cars will be made in Asia, and it may be easier for independent units to cut factories and jobs in Germany.
In most of the world, a significant percentage of car sales is now conducted on the internet, at least the first few steps. That’s why VW announced that it is setting up an online portal for Europeans to shop for cars. While only 2 percent of VW’s sales come over the internet, research firm Bain reckons that will rise to 25 percent in a few years. VW wants to own that business itself.
To prepare for this change, VW is slimming down the number of dealers it has. Most dealers make only 1 percent or even less profit on new car sales, earning the bulk of their revenue from services such as oil changes and selling parts. But electric cars have no oil, which could seriously undermine the economic case for dealerships, which are privately owned franchises.
VW is promising dealers to change requirements for dealerships, such as the number of employees required for sales, to give dealers more chance to innovate.
“We need to get together with our partners,” said VW sales director Jürgen Stackmann.

15.
VW cancels contracts with Prevent Group after supply problems
Volkswagen has cancelled the majority of its contracts with parts and material supplier Prevent Group following a series of supply problems affecting production in Brazil between 2015 and 2016. The carmaker said the problems had cost it a total of €250m ($307m).
Since the 1990s, Prevent Group, based in Bosnia, has bought a number of global parts subsidiaries that have traditionally supplied VW. It owns ES Automobilguss, which supplies metal parts for transmission assemblies; and also Fameq, which supplies body parts as well as seats and seat covers through its Car Trim and Keiper companies, amongst others.
Volkswagen said the disruption to supply in Brazil two years ago, which involved various parts including seats, incurred 160 days of production stoppage at its Brazilian plants in Taubaté, São Jose dos Pinhais (Curatiba), São Carlos (which makes engines) and Anchieta. The halt to production meant a loss in output of 140,000 vehicles between March 2015 and August 2016. It also meant 18,000 employees were placed on restricted work schedules.
The German carmaker ended its business with Prevent Group there in 2016 and subsequently accelerated production to meet the shortfall to its dealer network.
There was also disruption to supply based on a shortage of parts that affected six of VW’s plants in Germany, including its largest global assembly plant in Wolfsburg, as well as its main engine and transmission plants in Salzgitter and Kassel. VW said it was forced to take out an injunction against ES Automobilguss and Car Trim to resume supply in that case, though it still did not receive the parts and materials. Emden, Braunschweig and Zwickau were also affected.
“At all times, Volkswagen depends on reliable cooperation with suppliers in a spirit of trust,” said VW in a statement issued last week. “Existing business relationships are regularly reviewed accordingly, with the aim of minimising the adverse impact of any supply chain disruptions on our own production in the interests of our customers, workforce, dealers and other suppliers.”
VW has cancelled most of its contracts with Prevent Group companies, a move expected to have a significant impact on the supplier, given that 70% of its orders were from the OEM.
The carmaker has secured a number of contracts with alternative (so far unnamed) suppliers but has retained its contract with Neue Halberg-Guss, which Prevent Group bought back in January this year and which makes crankshafts, blocks and cylinder heads.
Prevent Group has put out its own statement suggesting that VW’s decision to cancel its contracts with just one day’s notice was without legal basis or economic reason and contradicts the principles of commercial good faith.
“Long-term contracts with ES Automobilguss from Schönheide and the two other companies were terminated on March 21 2018 without notice,” said Prevent Group in a statement. “As a result, short-term work will be required at the sites in Schönheide, Plauen and Stendal, as well as layoffs for many of the approximately 700 employees.”
Prevent said the action taken by VW would require complete replacement of a delivery structure that would cost the carmaker a sum in the three-digit millions. It added that while it was investigating legal measures to avert greater damage, it remained ready for constructive dialogue.
Prevent Group is separately involved in legal action concerning the supply of seat covers to Daimler.


16.
Toyota supplier Toyotetsu expanding in Ontario to supply new Lexus, RAV4
Ontario kicked in nearly $1.2 million for most recent expansion
Toyota supplier Toyotetsu is transferring stamping work to Ontario from Kentucky to supply the new Lexus RX, which is built in the province. It's also expanding operations in preparation of the soon-to-be redesigned RAV4.
Toyota builds the Lexus RS at a plant in Cambridge, Ont., while the RAV4 is assembled in Woodstock, Ont. Both facilities are less than a one-hour drive from the Toyotetsu plant in Simcoe, Ont.
Toyotetsu is moving the stamping work to Simcoe from its Somerset, Kentucky, plant, eliminating the need to import parts and then assemble them for shipment to the Lexus RX assembly line.
“Over time, as their customer demand increased but their capacity could only increase so far, the logical next step is to ask where else can we install this process closer to the plant it supplies,” Toyotetsu assistant general manager of administration Andrew Elkin said of the move from Somerset.
Because the parts have always been stamped in the United States and assembled in Canada, the move had nothing to do with the possibility of a renegotiated North American Free Trade Agreement throwing a wrench into the supply chain, Elkin said.
“It’s pretty straightforward,” Elkin said of the move.
About 93 per cent of all Toyotetsu’s product made in Simcoe ends up in Toyota vehicles built in Ontario, Elkin said.
The total cost of the expansion is $29.4 million, but the government of Ontario is kicking in nearly $1.2 million from the Southwestern Ontario Development Fund. The fund will cover up to 15 per cent of eligible project costs.
With that expansion now complete, another is already underway. The next phase of expansion — the plant’s fourth since it opened a decade ago — is in preparation of the next-generation RAV4.
The compact crossover RAV4 now is Toyota's best-selling vehicle in the United States. It was freshened for the 2016 model year and is on track to move to a Toyota New Global Architecture (TNGA) platform sometime next year as a 2019 model.
Elkin couldn’t put a price tag on the next phase of the plant currently being constructed.
17.
Lexus: Made in America?
By DORON LEVIN 
December 6, 2011
As Toyota Motor Corp. readies its new Lexus GS luxury car for export to the U.S. in early 2012, the company’s chief executive is raising the possibility that more Toyota production will move outside Japan.
The strong yen, which has risen 9% in the past six months alone, is making the economics of building cars — especially compacts — in Japanese factories increasingly difficult. That could eventually make building luxury vehicles — which deliver the fattest profit margins and have provided manufacturers the most leeway in terms of where they are made — more complicated. Squeezed by currency, emboldened competitors and a changing market, Toyota (TM, -0.34%)is considering doing something it has long resisted out of pride: moving more of its luxury brand manufacturing offshore.
So far Akio Toyoda has is hinting at moving only compact-car production outside the U.S., as well as buying more parts manufactured outside the country. But Lexus production, which is aimed mostly at U.S. buyers could be another category targeted for a move. Two of Lexus’s three German competitors have expanded production of Mercedes-Benz and BMW models in the U.S. Volkswagen AG’s Audi subsidiary is studying the possibility of U.S. production.
More than mere economics are in play. “I’m sitting on the fence,” said Mark Templin, head of Toyota’s Lexus brand in the U.S. “This is a complex decision that would come from Japan. But we could build more Lexuses here.” Templin said Toyota’s “pride,” which stems from manufacturing its most prestigious models in its home country, would be difficult to overcome if it decides to shift more Lexus models overseas.
Jeff Schuster, senior vice president for LMC Automotive, a forecasting company based in Troy, Michigan, said Toyota may be looking at a shift to North America “as a hedge for both currency fluctuations as well as external disruptions and disasters. I think it is something they are considering across the Toyota group.” Because many Toyota-branded models are already amde here, increased production would likely skew towards Lexus however.
For the moment the most convenient place to move Lexus from a logistics standpoint, if such a decision was considered, would be North America, where the vast majority of the cars are sold. Cars built on this side of the Pacific would instantly be more profitable, on an exchange-rate basis, and could be delivered to customers faster.
Templin declined to disclose a price yet for the new GS, which is designed to compete with Mercedes E-Class, BMW 5 Series and Audi 6. At a press event in Las Vegas on Nov. 30, Templin said the GS will represent a “value” compared to the competition, implying that it will sell for less than comparably-equipped competitors. The E-Class starts at $50,490, the 5 Series at $46,700 and the A6 at $41,700.
To undercut the competition on price, while its costs are denominated in yen, will mean that Toyota may have to accept narrower profits than the company has historically earned. Toyoda has announced the goal of achieving a 5% operating profit for the company, which is lower than its historical average and half the 10% it was able to earn in fiscal 2004 when it was roaring towards dominance.
All Lexus vehicles currently are built in Toyota’s plants in Kyushu and Tahara, Japan, except for the RX crossover, which is built in Cambridge, Ontario, Canada. According to J.D. Power & Associates, Lexus sold 376,221 vehicles worldwide in 2010, 83% of which were built in Japan. BMW built 81% of the 1.16 million vehicles it sold in Germany; Mercedes built 84% of its 1.3 million in worldwide sales in Germany.
For Toyota’s financial performance to rebound, a broader global consumer base for Lexus is essential. The brand is barely two decades old and must contend with reinvigorated German luxury franchises, which have copied tricks, like white-glove treatment by dealers, that the Japanese used to put Lexus on the map in the first place.
Templin said Lexus dealers in the U.S. now must redouble efforts to increase customer satisfaction beyond the upscale waiting rooms, loaner cars, latte bars and flat-screen TVs in which they’ve invested. He declined to say what exactly that might look like. “I will tell you this: the most valuable thing in the lives of our customers is their time.”
18.
Tenneco Inc. (ticker: TEN, exchange: New York Stock Exchange) News Release
February 8, 2016
________________________________________
 
TENNECO SUPPLIES FULL EMISSION CONTROL SYSTEM FOR THE ALL-NEW 2016 LEXUS RX LUXURY CROSSOVER PLATFORM 
Lake Forest, Illinois, February 8, 2016 - Tenneco (NYSE: TEN), a global supplier of clean air and ride performance products and systems, is supplying the emission control system on the all-new 2016 Lexus RX luxury crossover platform, currently in production. The company is supplying both hot- and cold-end components, including the front pipe assembly, Y-pipe, underbody converter, muffler and tailpipe assemblies.
"We’re pleased to partner with Lexus on the successful launch of their next-generation RX platform,” said Mike Seurynck, Tenneco vice president and general manager, North America Clean Air.  “Our clean air system showcases Tenneco’s advanced process technology including laser-welded mufflers which help to reduce weight and enable improved vehicle packaging.”
Product engineering and development was conducted by Tenneco working closely with Toyota engineering locally in Japan. Tenneco produces the emission control system at its manufacturing facility in Cambridge, Ontario, with final vehicle assembly at Lexus’ assembly plant, also located in Cambridge.
Tenneco’s Clean Air products help customers meet increasingly stringent emissions control regulations throughout the world with aftertreatment technologies for gasoline and diesel engines including manifolds, catalytic converters, selective catalytic reduction, advanced mixing technologies, particulate filters and complete hot and cold-end exhaust systems. 

19.
	
Tata Nexon SUV: Know who makes parts such as gearbox, airbag, lights and brakes for this crossover
Tata Nexon SUV has been one the most successful launches by Tata Motors in the near future and one of the key reasons for its success in India is its supplier base. Here's the the list of major Tata Motors suppliers.

 Tata Nexon
Tata Nexon SUV was first launched in India in September 2017 and ever since the SUV has helped the company to connect to the younger audience and the SUV has indeed connected well with the millennials. The new design language has helped the Nexon to give a taller SUV stance despite underpinning the same platform as seen on the Tata Tiago and Tata Tigor. Tata Motors manufactures the Nexon SUV at its Ranjangaon facility and is designed at Tata Motors’ design facility located inside its Pune plant.
Tata Nexon was first showcased in India at the Auto Expo 2016 and after receiving some good feedback at the show, the company decided to invest in the production variant. The company then indigenously developed the 1.2L turbocharged petrol and 1.5L Revotroq diesel engines with inputs from global suppliers like AVL, Bosch Mahale and HoneyWell.
 Tata Nexon suppliers list
One of the success stories for Tata Motors with the Nexon is its localisation while benefitting from the global technology expertise of some large suppliers. The locally sourced components helped the company increase its profit margins. The seat assembly on the Nexon was sourced to AIDENT whereas the power window system was developed by IFB Automotive. Tata Nexon comes with dual front airbags as a standard option and is supplied by Autoliv to Tata Motors with the airbag module. Magneti Marelli’s halogen headlamps and shock absorbers also go into the Nexon SUV and these parts are made in India. The brake systems are provided by Brakes India, whereas the console arm-rest comes from Continental. Mahle provides the condenser unit for the Nexon SUV.
Tata Motors manufactures the 1.2L turbocharged petrol engine from the Revotron engine family is made at the company’s Sanand plant while the diesel Revotorq engine is produced at the Ranjangaon facility. The transmission duties are done by a ZF gearbox. Tata Nexon also gets drive modes - Eco, City and Sport that has helped the company to increase the fuel efficiency and performance of the Tata Nexon.
Earlier this year, Tata Motors also introduced an AMT gearbox on its Nexon SUV which is not available in XMA and XZA+ variants of both petrol and diesel engine variants. Tata Nexon also gets new trendy colours along with dual-tone roof finish that has increased the urban appeal of the Nexon SUV. Tata Motors has already sold over 37,000 units of the Nexon SUV in India in less than one year of production. This clearly shows that the Nexon has managed to click in a growing segment and more importantly, its success is coming along consistently, which speaks well for its long-term future.



20.
Hyundai Mobis And Tata Elxsi Join Forces to Develop Driverless Cars
 
•	?????
The South Korean brand has formed partnership with Tata Elxsi to develop a synthetic scene generator tool
Hyundai Mobis Technical Centre India has tied-up with Tata Elxsi to develop a simulation tool that will play a key role in development of driverless cars. Hyundai Mobis is a public South Korean car parts company which is the parts and service division of Hyundai Motors and also supply parts to Hyundai owned Genesis Motors and Kia Motors. The South Korean brand has formed partnership with Tata Elxsi to develop a synthetic scene generator tool. The tool that will be developed with the expertise of both the companies is claimed that can deal every real world scenario a vehicle could encounter.
In the announcement both the companies said that the tool would accelerate the ongoing research and development support that the Hyundai Mobis Technical Centre is assisting its original equipment manufacturer with in autonomous driving. Moreover, Tata Elxsi is contributing with its expertise in digital technologies which includes artificial intelligence, extended reality and gaming which all are essential to develop the tool.

The Hyundai Mobis India technical centre is based in Hyderabad and has been involved in the development of various projects related to vehicle infotainment and mechatronics which includes chassis, safety and vision system and is used to improve the Noise, Vibrations and Harshness (NVH) levels along with making the car crash durable.
21.
Tata Group, GE partner to make LEAP engine components in India
Under the partnership, Tata Advanced Systems Ltd, a unit of Tata, and GE Aviation will together handle manufacturing, assembling, integration and testing of the aircraft components.  
Steel-to-software conglomerate Tata Group and General Electric Co (GE) entered into a partnership in November to manufacture components for engine-maker CFM International in India, the two companies said in a statement on Thursday.
The parts, manufactured for CFM`s LEAP engine, will be used for GE`s global supply chain, the companies said.
Under the partnership, Tata Advanced Systems Ltd, a unit of Tata, and GE Aviation will together handle manufacturing, assembling, integration and testing of the aircraft components.
GE and Tata will also pursue military engine and aircraft system opportunities for India, the companies added.
CFM is a joint venture between GE and Safran SA of France.

22.
Tata AutoComp gets its innovation factory future-ready
AUTO COMPONENTS
By Amit Panday 25 Dec 2018
________________________________________
 
Tata AutoComp's Technology Day was held at the Tata Ficosa plant in Chakan on October 3 and 4, 2018
Necessity is the mother of invention and with the global automotive industry experiencing several disruptions like never before, companies have turned to technology and engineers to come up with innovative products and processes aimed at developing future mobility solutions. Ample evidence of this approach was in display at Tata AutoComp Systems’ Technology Day, held at the new Tata Ficosa plant in Chakan, near Pune, on October 3-4.      
Tata AutoComp Systems, one of India’s largest component suppliers, clearly found the Tech Day a good platform to showcase a plethora of new and upcoming products engineered and developed by its own business divisions and joint ventures. The company, which reported an aggregate turnover of more than Rs 4,800 crore (FY2018) inclusive of the annual businesses of its seven joint ventures, is understandably bullish on the new and incoming opportunities arising out of automotive megatrends.
For the evolving Indian auto market, the company is preparing to benefit from the new opportunities arising out of industry-wide transitions including stricter emission norms, vehicle electrification (including hybridisation), new safety requirements such as advanced driver assist systems or ADAS, shared and connected mobility and other megatrends.
 
LCD screen mounted on the dashboard provides surround view including over-the-top visual of the vehicle (as seen)
The company sees multiple factors as its major growth drivers over the next decade. While it counts on organic market growth as a major driver, it is also eyeing several new segments that are opening up with maturing customers. The farm equipment sector wherein new-age tractors are expected to feature driver cabins – new in India – is one such area.
Speaking to Autocar Professional on the sidelines of the tech day event, one of the company engineers summarised: “While the overall footprint of the vehicle remains the same, the cabin space is becoming larger and the engine compartment smaller.” He was underlining the fundamental changes that vehicle design and manufacturing is undergoing, thereby leading to unique challenges for engineering teams.
While the industry appears to be prepared to take on BS VI emission norms in another 17 months’ time, there is a lot going on the product development front on the vehicle electrification and hybridisation side. Tata AutoComp counts electric vehicles (including hybrids) as a major growth driver of its business over the next decade. The company says that its engineering development and innovation are well aligned with these anticipated growth drivers.
Tata AutoComp, which has an existing footprint of about 45 manufacturing plants (India: 36; overseas: 9), operates across three divisions: interiors and plastics division (referred as IPD internally), the composites division, and supply chain management. The interior and plastics division is understood to be the largest of others.
 
The surround view system, developed by Tata Ficosa, uses three screens, each providing a different visual. 
Besides that, it also operates across a complex structure of seven joint ventures that cater to different domains and technology requirements for their customers. These JVs include Tata Toyo Radiator (partner: T.Rad, Japan), Tata Ficosa Automotive Systems (partner: Ficosa, Spain), Tata AutoComp Hendrickson Suspensions (partner: Hendrickson, USA), TM Seating Systems (partner: Magna Seating, USA) and others.
Walking the tech talk innovatively
Any industry stakeholder visiting the Tata AutoComp Tech Day would have had a busy day, for there were new products and innovations aplenty on display.  
Tata Ficosa demonstrated newly developed solutions around ADAS. Developed by the team of engineers at Tata Ficosa Automotive Systems, it demonstrated an ADAS camera-based surround view system, which live-streams the surrounding visuals (a mix of real and virtual) to the driver (via three screens mounted across the dashboard). The surround view system is meant to offer safety to the driver while driving or reversing a car. It provided real-time objects on the way along with the lane markings, other curbs and also an illustrative bird’s eye view of the moving car. To obtain these visuals, the team deployed four wide-angle cameras, one each on the side mirrors, and one each at the front and the rear exterior of the demo vehicle.
Emphasising on its abilities to develop ADAS camera-based solutions in India suitable for local applications, the engineers at Tata Ficosa told Autocar Professional that several ADAS-based solutions are currently under development. “We are working to further fine-tune ADAS-based applications. For example, the team is working on calibrating several inputs into the system for driver assistance. This highlights our ability to locally develop these features for our customers in India,” underlined the team lead, while demonstrating various applications of the surround view system.
 
One of the wide-angle cameras mounted on the car exterior. Seen here is one of them mounted on the front grille. 
The team at Tata Ficosa, which is learnt to have readied battery management system (BMS) for electric vehicles, is also working on battery cooling solutions for deployment in the EVs of the future.
Innovation in lightweighting
Meanwhile, Tata AutoComp displayed impressive components from its interior and exterior lightweight plastics line-up. Notably, it offers products developed using thermoforming technologies such as thermo casing, selective foamed thermo casing, In Mould graining, IMD – insert moulding, fabric back injection moulding, Woodstock forming, Kimekomi fabric lamination and others.
According to the company, thermo casing offers technical benefits such as good grain quality, shorter cycle times, low tool and operating costs and undercut formations along with possibility of deep drawing in parts. These benefits are similar in the case of selective foamed thermo casing, which also offers high softness levels in select areas.
In the case of In Mould graining, the company claims to offer high grain retention, thickness stability along with offering the feasibility of seams and logo embossing. The Tata Hexa crossover is one of the recent examples wherein one can find ‘Hexa’ embossing (with neat surface finish) across several spots in the (vehicle) interiors.
 
The joystick helps driver toggle between different visuals fetched by the four cameras mounted on each side of the car
On the other hand, IMD insert moulding, which is a dry decoration technique, offers technical benefits such as improved surface properties and high decoration depth, whereby surface imperfections can be hidden and faster production cycles.
Woodstock forming, a technique typically preferred for low-volume runs (in high-end vehicles), offers elegant interior components with textiles and vinyls to match the seating. According to Tata AutoComp, this process offers low investment costs because of using a single tool. One of the highlights was the metallic finish deco trims, which offer metallic finish painting with excellent satin chrome finish on the regular plastic trims (used on the dashboard).
The company also displayed several lightweight plastic under-the-hood parts at its tech day, which was attended by its customers including Volkswagen, Tata Motors, Jeep India, Mahindra & Mahindra, Bajaj Auto and many others. These under-the-hood parts included cylinder head cover, timing belt cover-back, cover-front, cover-bottom and several others. The product engineers claim a good balance of mechanical properties such as stiffness, creep resistance, impact resistance, load-bearing capacity and dimensional stability for these parts. “35-45 percent weight reduction can be achieved through these parts. We also offer design flexibility on these,” one product engineer told Autocar Professional.
 
Front and rear fascia of the Jeep Compass has been designed and developed by Tata 
Also showcased were door trims and pillar trims under its thin wall plastic trim design. The company has achieved thickness reduction (in door trims and pillar trims) from 2.5mm to variable thickness in the range of 1.8mm-2.2mm. According to the product engineer, this helps in terms of cutting down weight by 1.5kg in pillar trims and about 2kg in door trims.
The company is also working with alternate materials for achieving weight reduction across parts. For example, in what it calls as the NFPP lightweighting technology, it uses NFPP (or natural fibre + PP) mats, which are made of 50 percent natural fibres. It is known that these are bio-based, renewable materials now finding wide application in different auto parts. Tata AutoComp claims to have used these green materials in its door trims and achieved up to 35 percent savings when compared to conventional solutions.
Yet another highlight of the many innovative solutions on display was that the products developed use mould-in-colour (MIC) technology, which eliminates the painting process. The process offers superior aesthetical surface, good process ability with shorter process time, eco-friendly and recyclable, excellent scratch resistance and also 20 percent cost saving and increased productivity (compared  to applying conventional method of painting the part).
 
Lightweight dashboard structure made by the company's interior and plastics division.
Tata AutoComp’s interiors and plastics division also displayed the front and rear bumper, tailgate spoiler and light bar assembly developed for the Jeep Compass SUV. The company claims to have ensured more than 500 deliverables with end-of-line (EOL system) and vision system as quality checks. The Tier 1 supplier also deployed multiple SPMs (ultrasonic welding and punching) to develop over 60 variants of these parts for Jeep. It supplies in a ratio of 40:60 to local and export RHD market globally to the Jeep Compass.
Innovation in engine cooling
Innovative engine cooling solutions, developed by Tata Toyo, were also on display. Tata Toyo has successfully launched compact and lightweight header-less EGR coolers to meet next-generation emission standards for passenger and light commercial vehicles. According to the company, the all-stainless steel EGR cooler provides excellent high temperature corrosion resistance as well as high thermal performance.
It also displayed smart radiators, charge air coolers, CAC tanks and other parts.
According to product engineers, the lightweight and compact radiator construction helps in weight reduction on the vehicle offering less airside pressure drop, in turn improving fuel efficiency and reducing the usage of raw material per vehicle.
The new charge air coolers (CAC), on the other hand, with higher strength tubes bridge the stringent pressure drop and heat rejection requirements, which is suitable for the incoming BS VI emission norms.
 
Decojet, a technology for improving haptics, used on decorative parts like dashboard and door child parts.  
“The CAC tanks, for commercial vehicle applications, are successfully replaced by plastics resulting in excellent weight reduction,” a company engineer revealed.
Another interesting concept on display was a logo projection lamp with backlight in the side mirror assembly. This, according to the product engineers, can serve two purposes – offer passenger safety in dark or poorly lit areas while stepping in and out of a vehicle and also offer space for brand promotion (with logo representation on the floor) around both the front doors.
Under the command and control systems’ category, there were two innovative components with essentially the same application, but for different vehicle categories, on display worth taking note of – aircraft-type parking brake lever for a passenger car and a retractable parking brake lever for light commercial vehicles (such as the Tata Ace).
The former is a unique concept of a parking brake lever where the space between twin parking brake arms can be used for cup-holder and coin-holder applications. The complete parking brake mechanism remains hidden below an armrest provided to improve driving comfort.

23.
Tata Hitachi recognizes Honeywell as top supplier in india
Posted By: adminon: June 15, 2015In: National BusinessNo Comments
 Print Email
New Delhi: India-based construction machinery manufacturer Tata Hitachi has awarded Honeywell (NYSE: HON) its Sustained Excellence on Delivery Award, recognizing the company as its top-performing component supplier in 2014.
Since 2007, Tata Hitachi has given the annual Sustained Excellence on Delivery Award to its top supplier in India. This year, Honeywell was evaluated against more than 30 of Tata Hitachi’s top suppliers.
The award is a testament to Honeywell’s commitment to serving as a long-term strategic partner to Tata Hitachi. Since 2006, Honeywell has developed a localized manufacturing and supply chain strategy in Pune, India, to more efficiently provide vehicle control products to Tata Hitachi’s three India-based manufacturing plants. The localized capabilities enable Honeywell to better supply parts to Tata Hitachi under tighter delivery windows and provide the manufacturer more time to test machinery for quality assurance. This has allowed Tata Hitachi to go to market faster with new construction equipment.
“We are more than just a component part supplier to our partners. We aim to provide solutions that help solve critical challenges in their supply chain,” said Khasim Sab, Key Account Manager, Honeywell Sensing & Control. “Our partnership with Tata Hitachi is a prime example of how we can adapt our supplier capabilities to provide a business solution that helps Tata Hitachi improve its design and manufacturing process and meet market demand for new construction equipment before their competitors can.”
With a manufacturing-base in Pune, Honeywell can provide vehicle control products for Tata Hitachi construction equipment in less than three weeks. It can take up to eight weeks to deliver these parts if manufactured and shipped from outside of India. Honeywell supplies components such as ignition key switches, rocker switches, LCD hour meters, pressure switches, shifters, among others, that go into Tata Hitachi excavators, wheel loaders, backhoe loaders, dumpers and other construction equipment. Honeywell’s Pune facilities currently manufacture nearly 80 percent of its total supply of vehicle control products for Tata Hitachi.
“India’s cities and infrastructure are modernizing and growing quickly, spurring greater demand for construction equipment. This puts added pressure on our business to meet those needs without sacrificing quality and reliability of our machinery,” said Mahesh Tripathi, General Manager of Quality Assurance, Tata Hitachi. “Since the start of our partnership, Honeywell has played a crucial role in helping us streamline our supply of vehicle control products and ensure we do not lose precision time or revenue due to delays in delivery.”
Share0
Tweet


LG To Supply Vehicle Parts For Tata Motors
By Rajkamal
Published: Thursday, April 30, 2015, 17:12 [IST]
  
 
LG Electronics has signed a deal to supply vehicle parts for Tata Motors. The electronics company will supply frame molds for Tata's new vehicles.
According to industry sources, LG's vehicle components division has signed a deal with Tata Motors to supply the frame molds.
The production of these car frame mold will be outsourced to a small local company. This contract is called "Project Eagle" and is estimated at around USD 30 million.
Apart from molds, LG has also agreed to sell tail lamps to Tata Motors. This will be supplied directly by LG, without using other sources.
Apart from Tata Motors, LG has signed agreements with other carmakers like China based Geely and Dongfeng, German carmaker Volkswagen and the US based GM. LG has recently been aggressively expanding its automobile business.
1. SAP acquires Qualtrics for $8 billion
German enterprise software giant SAP agreed to acquire Utah-based tech unicorn Qualtrics for $8 billion in November, just as the customer survey SaaS platform was preparing for an IPO.

The purchase, all in cash, comes just after Qualtrics had set its IPO price range at $18-21. It stated in its IPO filing that revenue for the first half of 2018 jumped 42 percent to $184 million, far outstripping its rival SurveyMonkey, which also went public this year. It was most recently valued at $2.5 billion.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oracle acquires SD-WAN specialist Talari Networks
Oracle announced on 15 November that it had agreed to acquire SD-WAN specialist vendor Talari Networks. The Silicon Valley-based company focuses on Software-Defined Wide Area Network (SD-WAN), a modern way of connecting enterprise networks.

"The addition of Talari’s technology is expected to complement Oracle Communications’ leading Session Border Controller (SBC) and network management infrastructure by adding high availability and Quality-of-Experience (QoE) connectivity and cloud application access across any IP network with the reliability and predictability of private networks," Oracle said in a statement.

Terms of the deal were not disclosed. Taller had raised more than $50 million before being acquired, according to Crunchbase.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
. Apptio acquired by Vista Equity Partners for $1.94 billion
Apptio was acquired by US investment firm Vista Equity Partners in November for $1.94 billion.

The Bellevue, Washington-based vendor specialises in tools for IT leaders to get visibility into their spending across complex, hybrid environments to spot pinch points and areas where cost can be optimised. This approach is known as technology business management (TBM).


“Since founding, our focus has been on building the next great cloud software platform by dedicating ourselves to helping companies of all sizes and industries manage, plan, and optimise technology investments across their hybrid IT environments,” said Sunny Gupta, cofounder and CEO of Apptio.

“As we look to the next chapter of Apptio, we are thrilled to provide immediate liquidity to our shareholders at a significant premium to market prices and we remain deeply committed to our mission, product innovation, geographical expansion, and the work of the TBM Council. Vista’s investment and deep expertise in growing world-class SaaS businesses and the flexibility we will have as a private company will help us accelerate our growth while helping us maintain our commitment to creating wildly successful customers.”

The merger agreement includes a 30 day “go-shop” period, which permits Apptio’s board and advisors to actively solicit and potentially enter negotiations with other parties interested in making the acquisition.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. IBM is buying Red Hat for $33 billion
News broke on October 28 that IBM is acquiring the enterprise Linux business Red Hat for a whopping $33.4 billion.

"The acquisition of Red Hat is a game-changer. It changes everything about the cloud market," Ginni Rometty, IBM’s chairman and chief executive officer, said in the statement.

IBM is paying a 63 percent premium on its 20-year partner, which closed at $116.68 per share on Friday, IBM is paying $190 a share. This makes it one of the biggest technology acquisition of the year so far.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
. Oracle acquires DataFox
Oracle announced that it has acquired business intelligence company DataFox an undisclosed amount in October 2018.

The San Francisco-based startup produces a cloud-based AI data engine that provides real-time insights into businesses by analysing more than 2.8 million public and private businesses, 5 million digital properties, 70,000 daily news articles and 756,000 unique signals. It raised $19 million at a $33 million valuation in January 2017.

Oracle will use DataFox to enhance its cloud applications with additional company-level data and signals to help customers make better business decisions

"Oracle's portfolio of cloud applications, including ERP, CX, HCM and SCM, and trusted 3rd party consumer data enable customers to reimagine their business with a complete, secure and connected cloud suite," Steve Miranda, Executive Vice President Applications Development at Oracle said in a letter to Oracle customers and partners. 

"Together, Oracle and DataFox will enrich cloud applications with AI-driven company-level data, powering recommendations to elevate business performance across the enterprise.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Twilio acquires SendGrid
In October, 2018, cloud communications platform Twilio announced it would be acquiring SendGrid, a leading email API platform, in a $2 billion deal. Both companies are targeted towards developers, offering APIs to help seamlessly incorporate communications channels into their apps.

Together, the platforms serve millions of developers and count over 100,000 customers. This will mark a marriage of the leading cloud communications platform with the leading email API platform - adding email to the communications channels Twilio currently caters for, namely: voice, messaging and video.

“Increasingly, our customers are asking us to solve all of their strategic communications challenges - regardless of channel. Email is a vital communications channel for companies around the world, and so it was important to us to include this capability in our platform," said Jeff Lawson, Twilio's co-founder and CEO.

"The two companies share the same vision, the same model, and the same values. We believe this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to bring together the two leading developer-focused communications platforms to create the unquestioned platform of choice for all companies looking to transform their customer engagement.”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Adobe acquires Marketo for $4.75 billion
Adobe announced that it was acquiring marketing software maker Marketo for $4.75 billion in September.

"Adding Marketo's engagement platform to Adobe Experience Cloud will enable Adobe to offer an unrivalled set of solutions for delivering transformative customer experiences across industries and companies of all sizes," Adobe said in a statement.

Marketo is an established vendor in the market, having been founded in 2006 and went public in 2013, before being acquired by Vista Equity Partners for $1.8 billion in 2016. Current Marketo CEO Steve Lucas will continue to run the company but under Adobe's Digital Experience group.

"The combination of Marketo and Adobe's Experience Cloud will form the definitive system of engagement for B2C and B2B enterprise marketers," Lucas said of the acquisition in a blog post.

"Marketo's exceptional lead management, account-level data, and multi-channel marketing capabilities will combine with Adobe's rich behavioural dataset to create the most advanced, unified view of the customer at both an individual and account level."
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cisco acquires Duo Security for $2.35 billion
Cisco took a major step forward in its journey to becoming a security-focused vendor with the acquisition of Duo Security in August, a company that had quickly built itself up to unicorn status (valued at more than $1 billion).

The Ann Arbor, Michigan-based company focuses on cloud-based two-factor authentication, which should help Cisco compete with the leader in this area, the recently public Okta.

David Goeckeler, executive vice president and general manager of Cisco's networking and security business wrote in a news release: "In today's multicloud world, the modern workforce is connecting to critical business applications both on- and off-premise.

"IT teams are responsible for protecting hundreds of different perimeters that span anywhere a user makes an access decision. Duo's zero-trust authentication and access products integrated with our network, device and cloud security platforms will enable our customers to address the complexity and challenges that stem from multi-and hybrid-cloud environments."

Cisco has already earmarked the $2.35 billion (£1.8 billion) acquisition as a way to boost its 'intent-based networking' into multi-cloud environments. Duo's SaaS product will be integrated with Cisco ISE eventually.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AT&T acquires AlienVault
AT&T completed the acquisition of cybersecurity vendor AlienVault in August.

The Spanish-founded company is now based in Silicon Valley. It specialises in threat intelligence and incident response through its Unified Security Management platform and Open Threat Exchange.

AT&T will create a new cybersecurity solutions division as a result, which will be led by AlienVault President and CEO Barmak Meftah.

“Together we have the opportunity to simplify a complex problem and automate how customers tackle their cybersecurity needs,” Meftah said in a statement. “We will combine our phenomenal threat detection, incident response, and compliance security platform with AT&T’s managed security capabilities, making near real-time threat information actionable and achievable.”

Thaddeus Arroyo, CEO of AT&T Business, added: “AlienVault’s cybersecurity talent and threat intelligence capabilities, combined with our ability to deliver innovative threat detection and response solutions at-scale, will help enable businesses of all sizes to better defend themselves.”

The financial terms were not disclosed. AlienVault had raised nearly $120 million since being founded in 2007, including a $52 million round in 2015 led by Institutional Venture Partners.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Siemens acquires no-code vendor Mendix for $700 million
German technology giant Siemens acquired the no-code development platform Mendix for $700 million (£539 million) in July.

The Dutch-founded company is now based in Massachusetts and has grown to the point where it is considered a no-code leader by Gartner.

Mendix will still operate out of Boston, but will now be a part of Siemens' Digital Factory Division.

Jan Mrosik, CEO of that Digital Factory Division said: "As part of our digitalisation strategy, Siemens continues to invest in software offerings for the Digital Enterprise. With the acquisition of Mendix, Siemens continues to add to its comprehensive Digital Enterprise and MindSphere IoT portfolio, with cloud domain expertise, cloud agnostic platform solutions and highly skilled people."

Mendix CEO Derek Roos wrote in a blog post that joining Siemens will help Mendix "by doubling down on R&D investments and geographical expansion".

"Becoming a part of Siemens gives us unprecedented access to deep industry know-how, network and expertise," he added. "Together with our partner ecosystem, we’ll be able to extend the Mendix platform with deeply integrated vertical solutions across a wide range of industries.

"Combining low-code with best-practice solutions and templates will provide even more value and speed to market for our customers."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DocuSign acquires SpringCM for $220 million
DocuSign acquired the Chicago-based software maker SpingCM in July for $220 million (£169 million). The vendor specialises in document generation and contract lifecycle management software, two capabilities DocuSign will look to bring to its sizeable customer base soon.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Workday makes a pair of acquisitions
HR and financial planning software specialists Workday made a pair of acquisitions in the summer, starting with Adaptive Insights in June and followed by Stories.bi in July.

Adaptive Insights is a Palo Alto-based cloud financial planning software maker that Workday will look to leverage to improve its existing Workday Financial Management platform.

Chief products officer Petros Dermetzis wrote in a blog post: "With this incredible team and their industry-leading technology unified with Workday, we will accelerate customers' finance and business transformations across the organisation through a powerful combination of integrated planning and a complete finance suite of products.

"More specifically, this acquisition will fast-track our financial planning roadmap by 2+ years, delivering customers new, advanced modelling capabilities and more, powered by the Adaptive Insights Business Planning Cloud."

Stories.bi specialises in augmented analytics, which uses machine learning to deliver more automated insights to users.

It will be brought in to boost the Workday Prism Analytics suite, with Workday VP Peter Schlampp writing in a blog post: "With the addition of this incredible team and technology, we will power our analytics products to be more intelligent and our UX to be more conversational. This means our customers can find even more opportunities to improve their business without having to dig through data or wait on detailed reports."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Salesforce acquires Datorama
Salesforce has signed an agreement to buy Datorama, a cloud-based, AI-powered marketing intelligence and analytics platform that companies including Unilever and PepsiCo use to manage their marketing data across campaigns and channels.

The acquisition will enhance Marketing Cloud, with "expanded data integration and intelligence, enabling marketers to unlock insights across all of their marketing channels and data sources," Bob Stutz, CEO of Marketing Cloud, explained in a statement.

Terms of the deal remain undisclosed, but Israeli news site Calcalist reported that Salesforce will pay more than $800 million in cash for Datorama, citing two unnamed sources.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Slack buys the competition in Atlassian deal
Workplace collaboration darling Slack is buying up the competition it usurped - Atlassian's HipChat and Stride assets - to discontinue them, and in exchange Atlassian will take a stake in Slack.

The news broke via Slack's CEO Stewart Butterfield on Twitter, confirming that Slack will take the Hipchat and Stride IP and move those users onto its own service.

It will provide a boost in users for Slack, as the startup continues to take on established collaboration enterprises like Microsoft, which itself seems to have remodelled its collaboration software on Slack's with Teams, a sleeker approach to teams-based working than Skype for Business.

Bloomberg reports that the unusual deal will allow Atlassian to focus on its project management services, such as Jira and Trello, while Slack can continue to bolster its chatops efforts.

The deal was for an undisclosed amount, but more details should emerge during Atlassian's upcoming quarterly earnings report.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Broadcom acquires CA Technologies
Broadcom has agreed to buy CA Technologies for $18.9 billion (£14.3 billion) in cash.

The addition of corporate software to the chipmaker's business surprised Wall Street analysts. Broadcom CEO and President Hock Tan said the deal was an important building block in his strategy to create one of the world's leading infrastructure technology companies.

"With its sizeable installed base of customers, CA is uniquely positioned across the growing and fragmented infrastructure software market, and its mainframe and enterprise software franchises will add to our portfolio of mission critical technology businesses," he explained in a press release. "We intend to continue to strengthen these franchises to meet the growing demand for infrastructure software solutions."

The announcement was made just four months after the Trump administration blocked Broadcom's planned takeover of rival chipmaker Qualcomm. The deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter of this year, subject to regulatory and shareholder approval. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SolarWinds acquires Trusted Metrics

Monitoring software maker SolarWinds acquired North Carolina-based Trusted Metrics in July, which specialises in real-time security monitoring software. The financial terms of the deal weren't announced.

The company subsequently released SolarWinds Threat Monitor, an automated tool designed to reduce the complexity of threat detection. By aggregating asset data, security events, host intrusion detection, network intrusion detection, and correlating that data with continuously updated threat intelligence the tool promises more automated threat detection.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft acquires Bonsai
Microsoft added another AI startup to its expanding portfolio with the acquisition of Bonsai, a Berkeley, California-based company that specialises in reinforcement learning.

Bonsai is building a platform that helps industrial customers improve the operations of dynamic control systems in applications such as robotics, engines and wind turbines.

The platform is designed to give subject matter experts of any AI aptitude the power to specify and train autonomous systems. Gurdeep Pall, Microsoft's corporate VP of business AI, explained in a statement that Bonsai would form part of Microsoft's Azure AI platform of tools.

"To realize this vision of making AI more accessible and valuable for all, we have to remove the barriers to development, empowering every developer, regardless of machine learning expertise, to be an AI developer," says Pall. "Bonsai has made tremendous progress here and Microsoft remains committed to furthering this work.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Workday acquires Adaptive Insights
HR and finance software pure play Workday announced its acquisition of Adaptive Insights for $1.55 billion (including the assumption of approximately $150 million in unvested equity issued to Adaptive Insights employees) in June.

Adaptive Insights specialises in SaaS business planning tools with its Business Planning Cloud product, which should nicely complement Workday's HR and finance focused SaaS products. It also shared Workday’s disdain for traditional, spreadsheet-based business planning processes, and its integration into the Workday platform will help continue this momentum.

Adaptive Insights founder and chairman Rob Hull wrote in a blog post: "Together, two cloud leaders will combine as one to enable customers to better plan, execute, and analyse their businesses through a portfolio of best-in-class applications."

In a similar announcement from Workday's chief product officer Petros Dermetzis, he said: "With this incredible team and their industry-leading technology unified with Workday, we will accelerate customers' finance and business transformations across the organization through a powerful combination of integrated planning and a complete finance suite of products.

"More specifically, this acquisition will fast-track our financial planning roadmap by 2+ years, delivering customers new, advanced modeling capabilities and more, powered by the Adaptive Insights Business Planning Cloud."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Splunk acquires VictorOps
Machine data specialist Splunk acquired VictorOps for $120 million in cash and Splunk securities in June.

The Colorado-based firm specialises in 'devops incident management' powered by AI technology, and promises to help development teams resolve incidents faster than before.

VictorOps CEO Todd Vernon said of the acquisition: "By combining VictorOps' incident management capabilities and the Splunk platform, organisations will be able to quickly resolve and even help prevent issues that degrade customer engagement."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft acquires GitHub
Microsoft has reached an agreement to acquire GitHub for $7.5 billion in Microsoft stock. Nat Friedman, the former CEO of Xamarin - another Microsoft acquisition - will take over as GitHub CEO, while GitHub cofounder Chris Wanstrath will join Microsoft as a technical fellow. 

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella outlined the growth strategy for GitHub in a blogpost, in which he promised that the platform would retain its developer-first ethos and continue to operate independently.

The agreement for the acquisition was reached in May and is expected to close by the end of the calendar year, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory review.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Adobe announces intention to buy Magento
Adobe have "announced their intent" to acquire ecommerce company Magento in a deal worth around $1.7 billion.

The plan is to fold Magento into the Adobe Experience Cloud to give customers more ability to complete transactions within digital ads, e-commerce websites built on Adobe and other online customer experiences.

“With Magento’s position as the world’s most popular commerce platform and Adobe’s leadership in designing and delivering great digital experiences, we will enable every business to create and deliver compelling real-time experiences, engage with customers across every touchpoint, and transact anywhere across the entire customer journey for both B2C and B2B,” a blog post by Magento CEO Mark Lavelle reads.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft acquires Semantic Machines
Microsoft acquired AI startup Semantic Machines in May 2018.

The Bay Area startup focuses on conversational AI and will presumably be used to boost Microsoft's smart assistant product Cortana.

In a blog post, Microsoft explained: “With the acquisition of Semantic Machines, we will establish a conversational AI centre of excellence in Berkeley to push forward the boundaries of what is possible in language interfaces,” it said.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PayPal acquires iZettle
PayPal acquired Swedish fintech firm iZettle for $2.2 billion in May, giving the payments giant a popular point-of-sale (PoS) technology solution to add to its portfolio.

The Swedish firm had only filed for an IPO - expected to value the company at $1.1 billion - nine days before the news broke that PayPal was acquiring the business.

It provides companies - mostly small businesses - with a small card reader that links with a smartphone or tablet to ease the process of accepting card payments, providing reports and inventory management at the back end.

iZettle's co-founder and CEO Jacob de Geer will continue to lead but will report into PayPal's COO Bill Ready.

In an open letter posted to the iZettle website, de Geer writes: "The two companies have complementary product offerings and geographies. PayPal views iZettle's capabilities and talent as best-in-class and we will work together to scale our reach and geographical footprint.

"iZettle will become a centre of excellence for PayPal's in-store product and services offerings for small businesses going forward, which I'm really excited about."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rackspace acquires RelationEdge
Rackspace acquired Salesforce implementation partner and digital agency RelationEdge for an undisclosed amount in May.

This has been seen as a slightly left-field acquisition from the cloud implementation and managed services specialist, but RelationEdge could allow Rackspace to expand into new technology areas and help offer managed services for SaaS applications, as well as IaaS.

"With this acquisition, Rackspace adds implementation and managed services for SaaS applications to their growing IT-as-a-Service portfolio," read a note on its home page at the time.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oracle acquires Datascience.com
Oracle announced that it had agreed to acquire Datascience.com in May.

The company will now fall under the Oracle Cloud department, giving customers the ability to "harness a single data science platform to more effectively leverage machine learning and big data for predictive analysis and improved business results," the vendor said in a press release.

The web portal is used by data science teams to organise their work, access data sets and computing resources, and develop models.

Amit Zavery, executive vice president of Oracle Cloud Platform added: "With the combination of Oracle and DataScience.com, customers will be able to harness a single data science platform to more effectively leverage machine learning and big data for predictive analysis and improved business results."

This follows Google's acquisition of data science portal Kaggle last year, as the big cloud vendors look to place themselves at the heart of the data science community.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HPE acquires Plexxi
Hewlett-Packard Enterprise announced in May that it was buying networking startup Plexxi for an undisclosed amount.

The New Hampshire-based startup has designed a software-defined data center solution which. HPE is eyeing this to boost its hyperconverged infrastructure offering - where storage, computing and networking are combined within a single system - under the SimpliVity brand.

Ric Lewis, SVP and GM of HPE's software-defined and cloud group wrote in a blog post: "Through this acquisition, we will deliver hyperconverged and composable solutions with a next-generation data network fabric that can automatically create or re-balance bandwidth to workload needs.

"This will increase agility and efficiency, and accelerate how quickly companies deploy applications and draw business value from their data."

Plexxi had raised around $83 million from several rounds of funding since 2010.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Google acquires Velostrata
Google acquired Israeli startup Velostrata in May for an undisclosed amount.

Velostrata specialises in enterprise cloud services, mostly helping companies migrate from on-premise to the cloud. It will join the Google Cloud team in its Tel Aviv office.

In a blog post Eyal Manor, VP engineering at Google Cloud, said the purchase of the company "will add to our broad portfolio of migration tools to support enterprises in their journey to the cloud".

"As more and more enterprises move to the cloud, many need a simple way to migrate from on-premises and adopt the cloud at their own pace," he added. "This helps them take advantage of what the cloud has to offer - speed, scalability, and access to technologies like advanced data analytics and machine learning."
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Recruit Holdings acquires Glassdoor for $1.2 billion
Popular job search and company review site Glassdoor was acquired in May for an eye-popping all-cash $1.2 billion by Recruit Holdings, a Japanese conglomerate that has a sizeable HR technology arm and owns Indeed.com and Simply Hired.

In a blog post on the Glassdoor site, cofounder and CEO at Glassdoor Robert Hohman writes: "Our mission has been the same since day one: to help people everywhere find a job and company they love. That mission will not change as part of Recruit. Glassdoor will continue to operate as a distinct brand to fulfill this mission - and will be able to do so with greater speed and impact than we could achieve alone.

"It is business as usual for now and we will remain separate companies until closing."

Glassdoor had raised a total of around $200 million in its ten-year history, with the most recent a $40 million Series H in March 2016, valuing the company at around $1 billion.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Salesforce acquires MuleSoft
Salesforce made its biggest ever acquisition in March agreeing to pay $6.5 billion in a cash and stock deal for MuleSoft.

MuleSoft specialises in integration software and only went public a year ago, in March 2017. Its technology is used by customers like HSBC and ASOS for API management and to link together applications across increasingly complex IT environments.

Speaking at the time of the deal, Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff said: "Every digital transformation starts and ends with the customer. Together, Salesforce and MuleSoft will enable customers to connect all of the information throughout their enterprise across all public and private clouds and data sources - radically enhancing innovation."

The impact of this acquisition is immediately clear, as Salesforce also announced a new product, Integration Cloud, with the aim of helping customers to surface data "regardless of where it resides to connect every system, customer and device in a whole new way" according to Salesforce.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ServiceNow acquires Parlo and VendorHawk
ServiceNow, a SaaS provider of IT helpdesk solutions, made two acquisitions close together in the spring, buying Silicon Valley based AI startup Parlo in May and VendorHawk, which makes software for tracking SaaS subscription, at the end of April.

Parlo created a workforce solution powered by AI and natural language understating technology, allowing organisations to automate IT helpdesk and HR requests. It will subsequently be integrated into ServiceNow’s Now Platform to help customers automate business processes.

VendorHawk is a cloud solution to help customers view and rationalise their SaaS contracts. This will allow ServiceNow to offer a greater range of software asset management capabilities.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MariaDB acquires MammothDB
MariaDB acquired Bulgarian enterprise analytics database company MammothDB for an undisclosed sum in March 2018.

As part of the deal MariaDB will create a new office in Sofia, Bulgaria, and grow its engineering and consulting talent pool to build out its analytics solution, MariaDB AX, and advance its wider database-as-a-service (DBaaS) strategy.

Read next: MariaDB ups the stakes in database war with Oracle

Michael Howard, CEO of MariaDB Corporation said of the deal: “Over the past year, we’ve seen a major increase in demand for MariaDB AX as organizations seek to fill an open source analytics gap left by proprietary offerings such as Oracle and Teradata.

“The addition of MammothDB’s deep analytics expertise will be invaluable to helping MariaDB meet this growing need and continue to innovate our analytic products.”
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oracle acquires Grapeshot
Oracle acquired Grapeshot in April 2018 for an undisclosed amount. The startup is from Cambridge here in the UK and focuses on helping brands avoid advertising against potentially damaging content through its Contextual Intelligence platform.

This is the latest madtech (marketing and advertising tech) acquisition from Oracle, as it looks to beef up its capabilities to compete with the incumbent Google Adsense, as well as marketing cloud solutions from rivals like Adobe and Salesforce.

Oracle confirmed that the Grapeshot technology and team will become a part of the Oracle Data Cloud, working specifically in the area of Audiences and Measurement.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Salesforce acquires CloudCraze
Cloud CRM specialists Salesforce acquired CloudCraze in March for an undisclosed fee. The Chicago-based company has built a popular business-to-business ecommerce solution on top of the Salesforce platform since being founded in 2009.

Salesforce had previously invested in CloudCraze through its Salesforce Ventures arm in 2017.

CloudCraze will eventually integrate with Salesforce's Commerce Cloud solution.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Splunk acquires Phantom Cyber
Machine data specialists Splunk acquired Phantom Cyber Corporation for approximately $350 million in February.

The Palo Alto-based Phantom focuses on two areas that align well with Splunk’s recent direction: security and automation.

The idea is to allow customers to combine Phantom's technology for orchestration and automation with Splunk's Security Operations Center platform, using analytics-driven security to accelerate incident response.

Splunk has been increasingly turning towards security solutions in the past few years, with CEO Doug Merritt saying last year: ”We started as an IT ops company, and we stumbled into security.”

Read next: How Splunk pivoted to security

“Phantom’s employees and technology significantly expand and strengthen Splunk’s vision for the security nerve centre and for business revolution through IT,” Merritt said at the time of the deal. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Amazon buys Ring
Amazon has bought 'smart' doorbell company Ring for more than $1 billion, reports suggest.

Ring is a US-based company that makes doorbells that record live videos, sending the videos to customer's smartphones. So far, the firm has raised $209 million of funding, according to CrunchBase.

Speculation around the purchase propounds that with the upcoming March launch of Alphabet-owned 'Nest' - its first smart video doorbell - Amazon is trying to buy out the competition.

The technology could also help the tech giant's rollout of Amazon Key, which allows delivery drivers to securely access a property to drop an item off without a key.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SAP buys CallidusCloud owner
SAP's America unit acquired SaaS company Callidus Software for $2.4 billion in January.

CallidusCloud offers cloud-based HR, sales, Lead to Money (Quote-to-Cash) systems, marketing, and customer experience solutions. There are natural synergies here with SAP's own suite of SaaS solutions for HR and sales, but this is a boost to its CRM capabilities.

CallidusCloud CEO Leslie Stretch said at the time: "We are super excited to join forces with SAP. This move gives customers precisely what they want, the market leading Sales Performance (SPM), Sales Execution (CPQ) and Sales Enablement clouds combined with SAP Hybris and S/4HANA."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cisco acquires BroadSoft
Cisco acquired the Maryland-based cloud company BroadSoft for $1.9 billion in February.

BroadSoft, which went public in 2010, specialises in cloud-based calling and contact centre solutions. Cisco plans on folding the technology into its existing calling, meetings, messaging, customer care, hardware endpoints and services portfolio.

Former BroadSoft CEO Michael Tessler and his team are joining Cisco's Unified Communications Technology Group.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft acquires Chalkup
In quite a unique deal Microsoft acquired the licence for the collaborative classroom technology Chalkup, which helps teachers give feedback to students digitally, and hired its co-founder and CEO Justin Chando in February.

It may seem a left-field move from the tech giant but Chalkup's technology is being eyed as an ideal fit with Microsoft's work in the e-learning space, both through LinkedIn and its Teams for Education product.

A spokesperson from Microsoft said: "The Chalkup service is very similar to Microsoft Teams. Chalkup is a small startup that grew to 120K+ registered users and has grown a few thousand fans a month. Microsoft wanted to hire the CEO Justin Chando after spending several days with him to help us accelerate several areas of our offering.

"Rather than an acquisition, Microsoft secured an exclusive licence to Chalkup’s technology and hired their co-founder full time. We are excited to have Justin join the Education Product team."

Chalkup’s existing products will continue working until 30 June.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oracle acquires Zenedge
Oracle agreed to acquire IT system security company Zenedge in February. Zenedge specialises in AI-powered security software, specifically aimed at mitigation. The terms of the deal were not disclosed.

With Zenedge, Oracle gets a security service to add it to its growing cloud play, and a company which shares its focus on automation. Zenedge software can also be run in the cloud, on-prem or across hybrid environments.

Oracle said of the acquisition in a written Q&A (pdf) on its site: "Zenedge expands Oracle Cloud Infrastructure and Oracle's Domain Name System (DNS) capabilities, adding innovative application and network protection that augments existing Oracle security services and partnerships.

"Together, Oracle and Zenedge will allow enterprises to adopt cloud services without compromising performance, cost, control or security through an expanded Oracle Cloud Infrastructure platform."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OpenText acquires Hightail
Content collaboration software maker OpenText acquired Hightail, better known by its old name of YouSendIt, in February for an undisclosed amount.

OpenText will acquire Hightail's existing user base of more than 5 million as well as the filesharing technology.

Mark Barrenechea, OpenText CEO and CTO said of the deal: "The acquisition of Hightail underscores our commitment to delivering differentiated content solutions in the cloud that enable marketers and creative professionals to share, produce, and securely collaborate on digital content. We are pleased to welcome Hightail customers and employees to OpenText today."
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Top 10 Mergers and Acquisitions of 2016
By NIDHI GUPTA
 DEC 29, 2016 17:33 IST
It is important to know about those Mergers and Acquisitions that have changed the scenario of corporate world. Read the top 10 M&A deals of 2016 at jagranjosh.com as it important for the MBA Entrance exams as well.
 
Top 10 Mergers and Acquisitions of 2016
Mergers and acquisitions represent the ultimate in change for a business. They are increasingly becoming strategic choice for organizational growth and achievement of business goals including profit, empire building, market dominance, and long term survival.

It has become a topic of interest to study because these days in MBA Entrance exams, questions related to M&A deals are asked frequently. In addition, in Written Ability Section (WAT) and Group Discussions (GD), issues related to M&A deals are also raised to test the aptitude of the aspirants. 

Keeping these aspects in consideration, we have prepared a list of top 10 Merger and Acquisitions (M&A) deals that occurred in 2016. These deals have brought a drastic change in their respective industries. Read and find out about the Top 10 Mergers and Acquisitions of 2016. 

1. AT&T Inc buys Time Warner
Deal Amount: USD 85.4 Billion 
Industry: Media
When: 22 October 2016
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: AT&T has acquired Time Warner and the new company will be headed by AT&T Chief Executive ‘Randall Stephenson’. For AT&T the deal will help them expand business opportunities and market as well. The prime business of AT&T is core wireless and it seems to have become saturated now.
2. Rosneft Oil Company acquires Essar Oil 
Deal Amount: USD 13 billion 
Industry: Oil and Gas
When: 15 October 2016
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: Rosneft has a 49 percent stake in Essar Oil’s refinery, petrol pump and ports. The acquisition includes US 10.9 billion dollars for Essar Oil’s Vadinar refinery and US 2 billion dollars for port terminal that helps feed refinery. This deal is a big achievement for Rosneft because they have got an opportunity to enter the Indian market. With this deal, Rosneft has turned out to be the third largest player in fuel retailing market of India after Royal Dutch and Shell. 
 
3. Reliance Communications and Aircel
Deal Amount: Undisclosed 
Industry: Telecommunications
When: 14 September 2016
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: Reliance Communications has merged with Maxis communications Berhad (MCB). This merger is the fourth biggest merger in Telecom sector. Both the companies will hold 50 percent in the new entity. The new entity will have an asset base of INR 65000 crores and net worth of INR 35000 crores.
Top 10 Mergers and Acquisitions of 2015-16
4. Sony Pictures Network India acquired Zee Entertainment 
Deal Amount: USD 385 million 
Industry: Media 
When: 31 August 2016
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: Sony Pictures Network India Pvt. Ltd (SPIN) has acquired Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited (ZEE) and its subsidiaries. The acquisition will add South Asia’s leading sports network to SPN’s existing portfolio of channels, according to a company release. NP Singh is the CEO of Sony Pictures Networks India. Sony Pictures Networks India is in its 21st year in India.
5. Unilever Plc acquired Blueair
Deal Amount: Undisclosed
Industry: FMCG Sector
When: 16 August 2016
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: After acquiring Unilever Plc., the company will now enter into the air purifying business that will complement its existing range of water purifying products. On the other hand, Blueair will continue operate under its existing brand name and will remain operations for its existing markets as well. 
6. Nokia acquired Alcatel-Lucent 
Deal Amount: 15.6 Billion Euros
Industry: Technology
When: 5 January 2016         
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: As per the deal, Nokia holds 79.32 percent of outstanding Alcatel-Lucent shares and 78.97 percent of the French company’s voting rights.
Top 10 MBA specializations: Choices and Options
7. Wipro acquired Health-Plan Services 
Deal Amount: USD 460 million 
Industry: Pharmaceuticals 
When: 11 February 2016
About the Merger/Acquisition: Wipro signed a definitive agreement to acquire HealthPlan Services from Water Street Healthcare Partners.  HealthPlan has grown to become the leading independent technology and Business Process as a Service (BPaaS) provider in the U.S. Health Insurance market.In this deal Wipro will acquire 100 percent of HealthPlan Services shares. The acquisition will help Wipro strengthen its position in U.S. health insurance market. 

8. Google acquires Moodstock
Deal Amount: Undisclosed
Industry: Technology
When: 6 July 2016
About the Merger/Acquisition: With this acquisition, the Moodstocks team will join Google's R&D center in Paris, and will contribute to the development of YouTube and Chrome. The acquisition will now allow the company to take its technology to a much wider audience. Google also mentioned that the engineers and researchers of Moodstocks were developing new algorithms for visual recognition of objects, particularly those viewed by cameras in mobile devices.
9. Dell acquires EMC Corporation
Deal Amount: USD 67 billion 
Industry: Technology
When: 7 September 2016
                        
About the Merger/Acquisition: This deal is one of the largest technology merger in history. The new company will be named as Dell Technologies. With $74 billion in revenue, Dell Technologies will be the world’s largest privately controlled tech company. The merger was extraordinarily complex. Dell, which is privately held, purchased not only EMC but its Byzantine federation of wholly and partially owned subsidiaries.
Top 10 Sectoral MBA Specializations: A Detailed Review
10. ITC Holdings merges with Fortis
Deal Amount: USD 11.3 BILLION
Industry: Electric Utility
When: 9 February 2016
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: After this deal Fortis will become one of the top 15 North American public utilities ranked by enterprise value. Under the terms of the transaction ITC shareholders will receive US$22.57 in cash and 0.7520 Fortis shares per ITC share. The Acquisition represents a singular opportunity for Fortis to significantly diversify its business in terms of regulatory jurisdictions, business risk profile and regional economic mix.
We hope that the list of Top 10 Mergers and Acquisitions of 2016 helped you in increasing your knowledge base. You can also use this list as a shortcut to remember all the deals that took place in the year 2016.
15 of the Best Mergers & Acquisitions of 2017
December 29, 2017, 11:39:00 AM EDT By Madeleine Johnson, Zacks.com

•	

•	

•	

•	


 
Shutterstock photo
As 2018 fast approaches, we can't help but look back on the past 12 months, a year that was a whirlwind politically, socially, culturally, and economically.
While the U.S. dealt with everything from natural disasters and gun violence to protests about racial inequality and the sexual harassment reckoning, the stock market reached extraordinary highs.
The market hit 62 daily all-time highs in 2017, notes CNBC , and the S&P 500 has returned almost 20% so far. And, the top performing sector, technology, which is up around 38% year-to-date, surpassed the worst-performing sectors (energy and telecom) by over 43 percentage points.
Even with this overall positive economic sentiment, which has gotten a big boost from the new tax bill, merger and acquisition activity in 2017 has been relatively quiet; deals were down 35% year-to-date through mid-November.
The deals that were announced this year, though, were major, and revolved around some of the biggest consumer and technology names. Here are 15 of the best mergers and acquisitions of 2017.
1. Amazon Buys Whole Foods
Earlier this summer, e-commerce giant Amazon AMZN announced that it would be buying high-end organic grocery chain Whole Foods for $13.7 billion; the deal officially closed at the end of August. While the acquisition has been off to a rocky start, it gives Amazon hundreds of physical stores and provides the company a strong entryway into the competitive grocery and food industry.
2. Intel Acquires Mobileye
Intel INTC said in August that it had completed its tender offer for the outstanding shares of Mobileye, a company that develops sensors and cameras for Advanced Driver Assisted Systems (ADAS); the Israel-based company is also known for its computer vision and machine learning technology. The $15.3 billion deal gives Intel a huge advantage in the growing self-driving car industry, a market they estimate will grow to $70 billion annually by 2030.
3. United Technologies Buys Rockwell Collins
In a major industry deal, United Technologies UTX agreed to buy Rockwell Collins COL for roughly $23 billion. This is one of the biggest moves in aviation history, and gives rise to an aerospace giant that will focus on the manufacturing of aircraft parts like touchscreen cockpit displays and jet engines, among many other things. United plans to combine its aerospace business with Rockwell Collins, creating a new unit named Collins Aerospace Systems.
4. Disney To Buy Some of 21 st Century Fox's Assets
Just a few weeks ago, Disney DIS and 21 st Century Fox FOXA announced a historic $52.4 billion deal that would see Mickey Mouse's parent scoop up a good chunk of the media conglomerate's assets, including the film studio 20 th Century Fox, the company's TV production arm 20th Century Fox Television, Fox-owned cable networks (including FX and National Geographic), and FOXA's stakes in international networks like Star TV and Sky; Disney will also gain majority control of streaming service Hulu. The deal, however, will likely face intense regulatory scrutiny.
5. JAB Holdings Acquires Panera
For $7.5 billion, European investment firm JAB reached a deal to buy bakery-café chain Panera Bread earlier this year, creating a formidable food-focused portfolio that includes Keurig Green Mountain, Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Peet's Coffee & Tea, and Caribou Coffee Company. Additionally, Panera is a restaurant that has managed to post steady comparable sales growth and rising revenue at a time when many chains are hurting.
6. Michael Kors Acquires Jimmy Choo
"Affordable" luxury retailer Michael Kors KORS agreed to buy footwear brand Jimmy Choo, a popular name in the fashion world known for its towering stilettos, for about $1.2 billion in July. The purchase had been a long-rumored one, and Kors plans on using its own massive global infrastructure to expand Jimmy Choo's footprint. This likely won't be Kors' last acquisition either, as the company is now focused on forming a new, "luxury group."
7. Coach Buys Kate Spade
Coach, now Tapestry Inc. TPR , shook up the fashion industry back in May when the company announced that it would be purchasing its smaller rival, Kate Spade, for $2.4 billion. The deal is both an effort to reach younger consumers-it recently signed a deal with millennial and Instagram icon Selena Gomez-and to rebrand itself as a broader "lifestyle assortment company."
8. CVS Buys Aetna
After weeks of rumors and speculation, drugstore chain CVS CVS announced that it would acquire insurance provider Aetna AET for $69 billion. The two companies said this blockbuster deal would rein in health care costs and transform CVS's 9,700 pharmacy storefronts into community medical hubs for primary care and basic procedures. It's expected to close in the second half of 2018, and is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.
9. Gilead Acquires Kite Pharma
In October, Gilead Sciences GILD shelled out $11.9 billion for Kite Pharma, marking its biggest acquisition ever. The deal gives the biopharmaceutical company access to a promising cancer therapy, and hopefully makes it less reliant on antiviral treatments like its Hepatitis C drug Sovaldi. In particular, the cancer therapy is a CAR-T drug, which many in the industry believe will transform the cancer treatment market.
10. Cisco Acquires BroadSoft
In a move that will grow its software footprint, Cisco CSCO paid nearly $2 billion for BroadSoft BSFT , a company that sells cloud-based call control software, a product that is often re-labeled and sold by traditional telephone companies to their customers. This acquisition is what IT vendors dub "the future of work," as it uses technology meant to make it easier for workgroups to communicate with each other.
11. Apple Buys Shazam
Recently, iPhone maker Apple AAPL confirmed that it has acquired Shazam for $400 million, a company that lets users identify songs, movies, TV shows, and commercials from short audio clips. The tech giant will be able to use Shazam to boost Apple Music. It also hopes to integrate Shazam more deeply into iOS, and utilize the app's augmented reality technology to improve its ARKit efforts.
12. Arby's Roark Buys Buffalo Wild Wings
Just last month, Arby's owner Roark Capital Group announced that it would be acquiring chicken wing chain Buffalo Wild Wings BWLD for $2.4 billion. Arby's has successfully executed a turnaround strategy by specifically emphasizing its unique fast-food menu selection; the firm hopes to apply this similar formula to Buffalo Wild Wings. Arby's will also assume the debt of BWLD.
13. Meredith Corp. Buys Time Inc.
The Meredith Corporation MDP closed a $2.8 billion deal in November to buy Time TIME that would create a publishing giant. The Des Moines-based Meredith publishes the magazines  Better Homes and Gardens ,  Family Circle , and  Shape , among others, while Time owns T ime ,  People ,  Sports Illustrated ,  Fortune ,  Entertainment Weekly , and many other print and digital media properties, and has been in business since 1922.
14. Discovery Acquires Scripps Networks Interactive
In November, Discovery's DISCA $14.6 billion acquisition of Scripps Networks Interactive SNI received overwhelming shareholder support. The merger would unite two cable programming giants; Discovery owns the Discovery Channel, Investigation Discovery, OWN and TLC, while Scripp's portfolio includes the Food Network, HGTV and Travel Channel.
15. Google Buys Part of HTC Smartphone Team
This fall, Alphabet's GOOGL Google division confirmed that it plans to acquire part of HTC's mobile division team for $1.1 billion as it grows its smartphone hardware business. Google has become very serious about its hardware development with the debut of its Pixel line of smartphones, and scooping up a chunk of HTC's team means that the tech giant can better directly challenge Android partners like Samsung, LG, and Huawei.

It's been the biggest year for M&As in history, according to the financial software company Dealogic. But there wasn't a massive, What'sApp-size buy this year.
Inc. looked at startups less than 10 years old, and privately owned, that did manage to score very significant deals in 2015--even if they weren't quite in the multibillion-dollar range.
This year's headliners, which accomplished the biggest exits--of more than $100 million, and with figures that have been published by reliable sources--may surprise you.
20. Twitter acquires Periscope.
Date: March 9, 2015
Price: Less than but up to $100 million, according to reports
Early bird: Notably, Periscope--an app for streaming video from a cell phone--was acquired before it even launched. In fact, the company was still working on applying to Apple's App Store. (The pressure was on because a competitor, Meerkat, had recently launched and seemed like it was gaining user momentum.)
17.  Dropbox acquires Clementine.
Date: July 22, 2015
Price: Estimated to be $100 million
Baby buy: This startup, which focuses on internal communication, such as conference calls and chat services not connected to a personal phone number, was less than one year into offering its product when this acquisition went down.
17.  Dropbox acquires CloudOn.
Date: January 21, 2015
Price: Approximately $100 million
Location, location: The Israeli company that provided mobile applications for document editing and creation had nine million users--and its 30-person team now forms Dropbox's first office in Israel.
17.  Microsoft acquires Sunrise Atelier.
Date: February 4, 2015
Price: $100 million
Easy does it: Sunrise, the maker of a suite of calendar apps and programs founded in 2012, may be part of Microsoft's new bid to be hip, and have a friendly interface for users. In an unusually casual move, it announced the acquisition via YouTube video.
16. Raycom Media acquires PureCars.
Date: October 27, 2015
Price: $125 million
Band of outsiders: This digital-ad firm isn't in Silicon Valley or Alley--it's from Charleston, South Carolina. And its 140 employees attained rocket revenue growth--1,401 percent over the past three years--by being a preferred partner of Google in the automotive ad sector.
14.  Infosys acquires Panaya.
Date: March, 2015
Price: $200 million
Global deal: One of India's largest software exporters, Infosys, acquired the enterprise-resource-planning startup Panaya, which was founded in 2006 in Israel and had raised nearly $60 million in funding.
14.  Yahoo acquires Polyvore.
Date: July 31, 2015
Price: Roughly $200 million
Sweet suite: The visual search engine for clothing, Polyvore, had nine million visitors to its websites and apps in June--far more than its competitors, such as Wanelo and Fancy.
13. Samsung Electronics acquires LoopPay.
Date: February 18, 2015
Price: $250 million, as reported by Re/code
Tech magic: LoopPay's technology turns magnetic-stripe readers into a new type of tap-like payment system, requiring no contact with a card. And it works with 90 percent of existing point-of-sale terminals.
12. Northwestern Mutual acquires LearnVest.
Date: March 25, 2015
Price: More than $250 million, according to Fortune
Getting personal: After a courtship involving a significant earlier investment, Northwestern Mutual bet big on personal financial planning by buying LearnVest, which was founded by business-school dropout Alexa Von Tobel.
11. PayPal acquires Paydiant.
Date: April 3, 2015
Price: Around $280 million, according to reports
Packing the bags: Boston-based Paydiant powers payment apps for large businesses, such as Subway. PayPal purchased it in the run-up to its separation from eBay this year.
10. Amazon acquires Elemental Technologies.
Date: October 19, 2015
Price: $296 million
Bidding war: The Oregonian notes that Amazon outbid several other tech giants, including Cisco, Ericsson, and Verizon for Portland-born Elemental, which creates high-speed video-delivery systems and employs around 250 people.
9. Microsoft acquires Adallom.
Date: July 19, 2015
Price: $320 million
Name game: The cloud-access security provider, founded in 2012, derived it's name from the Hebrew saying "Ad Halom," which literally means "up to here" and in game theory lingo means "the last line of defense."
8. AxelSpringer acquires Business Insider.
Date: September 29, 2015
Price: $343 million
Benchmark deal: The culmination of a long courtship, the sale breathes new wind into the New York City media upstart ecosystem, and shows old media's faith in the value of tech-infused online publications.
7. Amazon acquires Annapurna Labs.
Date: January 22, 2015
Price: $370 million
Secrets, secrets: The Israeli chip-maker didn't even note the sale at the time--and little was known about it then. Amazon's cloud-computing unit took the company, named for a Himalayan peak, into its division.
5.  NeuStar acquires MarketShare.
Price: $450 million
Date: November 5, 2015
Bigger plans: The huge acquisition of this 10-year-old marketing-analysis startup will help ad-tech giant NeuStar give its clients more detailed strategies for ad buys, across media and in real-time.
5.  Pandora acquires TicketFly.
Date: October 7, 2015
Price: $450 million, reportedly
Founder chops: Back in 1995, TicketFly founder Andrew Dreskin created TicketWeb, the first online ticket-buying portal.
4. Hitachi Data Systems acquires Pentaho.
Date: February 10, 2015
Price: Between $500 and $600 million, according to Bloomberg BusinessWeek.
Analyze this: Pentaho was founded in Florida by five guys in 2005, and over the years raised about $70 million to create an open-source business intelligence, data integration, and analytics company. In essence, this was a big-data acquisition.
3. Cisco acquires Acano.
Date: November 20, 2015
Price: $700 million
All together, now: The London-based tech firm makes collaboration and conferencing software. In the age of Slack, collaboration and in-office communication is an in-demand area. And this company addresses scalability, allowing a business to connect tens of thousands of individuals at once.                             
2. Adobe acquires Fotolia.
Date: January 28, 2015
Price: $800 million
Living on: The decade-old stock-photo site had some 34 million images. Adobe is continuing to run the business, plus offer its services to its subscribers as well.
1. EMC acquires Virtustream.
Date: July 9, 2015
Price: $1.2 billion
Strategy shift: Virtustream, a cloud-software and -service provider founded in 2009 in Bethesda, Maryland, was preparing to go public for about a year before computer-data storage heavy-hitter EMC stepped in. (This, of course, was before Dell bought EMC for a whopping $67 billion in October--around the time EMC spun-out Virtustream as a separate entity.)
The biggest offshore oil and gas company takeovers in 2015
SHARE
With OPEC still reluctant to cut output the oil price has continued its downward trajectory, forcing offshore oil and gas companies to rely on aggressive acquisitions strategies to consolidate losses and create growth in 2015. Offshore-technology.com lists the biggest offshore oil and gas company takeovers in 2015 based on deal value.
Previous
 
Husky Energy is one of the biggest integrated energy companies in Canada with notable offshore assets that include Liwan Gas Project, working interest in Wenchang oil field and planned field developments offshore Indonesia. Credit: Husky Energy.
 
Repsol acquired Talisman Energy in a deal valued at $13bn. Credit: Repsol.
 
German conglomerate Siemens acquired Dresser-Rand in a $7.6bn deal. Credit: www.siemens.com/press.
 
LetterOne group acquired assets in United Kingdom, Germany and North Sea as result of the takeover. Credit: DEA.
 
Williams Partners has offshore gathering and processing assets located in the Gulf of Mexico. Credit: Business Wire.
 
Noble Energy has offshore assets in the eastern Mediterranean and West Africa and plans to gain a foothold in the shale play through the acquisition of Rosetta Resources. Credit: Noble Energy.
 
Amec’s operations are primarily focused on the offshore upstream market. Credit: Amec Foster Wheeler.
 
Woodside Petroleum completed a $2.75bn acquisition of Apache’s Australian subsidiary Apache Julimar in April 2015. Credit: Woodside Energy.
 
Husky Energy is one of the biggest integrated energy companies in Canada with notable offshore assets that include Liwan Gas Project, working interest in Wenchang oil field and planned field developments offshore Indonesia. Credit: Husky Energy.
 
Repsol acquired Talisman Energy in a deal valued at $13bn. Credit: Repsol.

Next
•	1
•	2
•	3
•	4
•	5
•	6
•	7
•	8
Repsol Energy / Talisman Energy – $13bn
Repsol, a leading energy company based in Spain, acquired Talisman Energy, a company based in Canada, for $13bn in May. Repsol Energy’s legal adviser for the deal was Bennett Jones.
The global entity created as a result of the transaction will focus on developing Talisman’s undeveloped resources concentrated in deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the North Slope of Alaska, Kansas and Oklahoma as well as offshore Canada.
Siemens / Dresser-Rand – $7.6bn
Oil and gas equipment supplier Dresser-Rand was taken over by German conglomerate Siemens for $7.6bn following the European Union Commission’s approval of the deal in June. Goldman Sachs Group, Deutsche Bank and Lazard were advisers to Siemens on the deal.
Siemens will continue Dresser-Rand’s established brands and create a new unit within the former’s Power and Gas Division that will focus on oil and gas. Siemens aims to offer a comprehensive range of compressor solutions, turbines and engines through the acquisition.
LetterOne / Upstream Arm of RWE – $7.1bn
International investment group LetterOne took over RWE’s oil and natural gas arm DEA for $7.1bn in March, the first significant investment by the group in Germany.
RWE’s assets in UK, Germany and North Sea include 12 producing oil and gas fields, all of which are now owned by LetterOne.
Williams Partners / Access Midstream Partners – $5.995bn
Williams Partners’ acquisition of Access Midstream for $5.995bn was announced in June 2014 after the company agreed to a purchase of 50% general partner interest and 55.1m limited partner units. The deal was closed in February 2015.
The acquisition will help William Partners, which has offshore gathering and processing assets in the Gulf of Mexico, to grow its natural gas pipelines, gathering and processing, and natural gas liquids and petrochemical services.
Noble Energy / Rosetta Resources – $3.9bn
Noble Energy’s completed $3.9bn acquisition of Rosetta Resources in July with legal advice from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, and financial advice from Petrie Partners Securities.
Noble Energy intends to gain a footing in shale through the acquisition and will now have a resource potential of approximately one billion barrels of oil-equivalent.
Amec / Foster Wheeler- $3.3bn
Amec acquired Foster Wheeler in a $3.3bn deal that was first announced in 2014 and completed in January 2015 with Bank of America Merrill Lynch acting as financial adviser to Amec. According to the terms of the deal, the transaction amount is payable approximately 50% in cash and 50% in Amec securities.
Amec expects to strengthen its oil and gas business through the acquisition, while maintaining its low-risk business model. Amec’s operations are primarily focused on the offshore upstream market, while Foster Wheeler caters mainly to the onshore, mid and downstream markets.
Woodside Petroleum / Apache Julimar- $2.75bn
Woodside Petroleum completed a $2.75bn acquisition of Apache’s Australian subsidiary Apache Julimar in April. The two sides entered an agreement in December 2014 that also includes an expected closing adjustment of approximately $1bn.
The acquisition gives Woodside a 13% interest in the Wheatstone LNG project, a 65% interest in the WA-49-L block that includes the Julimar/Brunello offshore gas fields and the Balnaves oil development, as well as a 50% interest in Kitimat LNG project. The Kitimat LNG project also includes approximately 320,000 net acres in the Horn River and Liard natural gas basins in British Columbia basins in Canada.
GE Capital Aviation / Milestone Aviation- $1.78bn
Milestone Aviation Group was acquired by GE Capital Aviation in a $1.78bn deal in January. Agreements for acquiring the Dublin-based lessor were signed in October 2014. The terms of the transaction also include the assumption or payoff of Milestone’s existing debt.
Milestone Aviation provides helicopter services to a number of industries including offshore oil and gas. GE intends to grow and strengthen its energy, aviation, oil & gas segment through the acquisition.
Hanwha Group / Samsung General Chemicals – $1.4bn
Hanwha Group acquired a 57.6% stake in Samsung General Chemicals in a deal valued at $1.4bn. The transaction, which was first announced in 2014, was concluded in April 2015.
Hanwha group is seeking new opportunities in oil and gas sector through acquisitions and plans to gain a strong foothold in its key areas. Its offshore activities are primarily focussed in Qatar and Gulf of Mexico.
Hutchison Group / Husky Energy- $1.4bn
The Hutchison Group acquired 61.4 million shares representing 6.24% of Husky Energy’s issued share capital in a $1.4bn deal in June 2015. The stake was bought from L.F. Investments, which is indirectly owned by the Li family that held 35.57% of Husky shares prior to the acquisition. Li family’s stake in Husky has reduced to 29.33% following the acquisition.
Husky Energy is one of the biggest integrated energy companies in Canada with notable offshore assets that include Liwan Gas Project, a working interest in Wenchang oil field and planned field developments offshore Indonesia.
The biggest aerospace company takeovers in 2015
SHARE
The global aerospace market continued to grow in 2015 buoyed by strong growth in the commercial sector neatly offsetting lower defence sales. Aerospace-technology.com lists the biggest aerospace takeovers completed in 2015 based on deal value.
Previous
 
Precision Castparts is the major component supplier for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, a wide-body, twin-engine jet airliner. Image courtesy of markjhandel.
 
Lockheed Martin took over Sikorsky Aircraft in November 2015. Image courtesy of Coolcaesar.
 
Exelis was acquired by Harris Corporation in May 2015. Image courtesy of Exelis.
 
GE Capital Aviation Services has a mixed fleet of turboprop and regional jet aircraft, including Bombardier Q400 NextGen.
 
Qatar Airways acquired 9.99% stake in British Airways’ parent company International Consolidated Airlines Group (IAG) in January 2015. Image courtesy of Nick Warner.
 
Aer Lingus was acquired by International Consolidated Airlines Group (IAG) in September 2015. Image courtesy of Eric Jones.
 
Alcoa is a lightweight metals company based in the US. Image courtesy of Brian Stansberry.
 
SAIC provides engineering, technical, intelligence, and information technology services. U.S. Navy photo by Mr. John F. Williams.
 
Fokker Technologies’ business unit Fokker Elmo manufactures electrical wiring interconnection systems for aerospace and defence industry.
 
AAR CORP’s Telair Cargo Group of businesses to TransDigm Group in March 2015. Image courtesy of AAR Corp.
 
Precision Castparts is the major component supplier for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, a wide-body, twin-engine jet airliner. Image courtesy of markjhandel.
 
Lockheed Martin took over Sikorsky Aircraft in November 2015. Image courtesy of Coolcaesar.

Next
•	1
•	2
•	3
•	4
•	5
•	6
•	7
•	8
•	9
•	10
 
Lockheed Martin / Sikorsky Aircraft – $9bn
Military and commercial aircraft manufacturer Sikorsky Aircraft was acquired in November by American aerospace and defence company Lockheed Martin for US $9bn making it a part of Lockheed Martin's Mission Systems & Training (MST) business unit. The merger agreement between Sikorsky Aircraft's former owner UTC and Lockheed Martin was signed in July.
The takeover allows Lockheed Martin to expand its core business into the production and sustainment of helicopters.
Harris / Exelis – $4.75bn
Exelis was taken over by Harris Corporation, an international communications and information technology services provider, in a $4.75bn cash-and-stock deal in May. The transaction will provide Exelis shareholders with $16.625 in cash and 0.1025 of a share of Harris common stock. Harris shareholders have an 85% stake in the combined company, while the remaining 15% is owned by Exelis shareholders.
Exelis provides defence, aerospace and information solutions, which, when complemented with Harris' technology-based solutions to mission critical challenges of government and commercial customers, will strengthen core franchises and provide new opportunities for innovation. The acquisition will also result in an approximately $8bn in combined pro forma revenue.
 
GE Capital Aviation Services / Milestone Aviation Group – $1.77bn
GE's aircraft leasing unit GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) acquired helicopter leasing company Milestone Aviation Group for $1.77bn in January, following a merger agreement signed in October 2014. The acquisition is pursuant to GE Capital's strategic plan of expanding services in core areas aligned with GE's industrial business.
As of September 2015 Milestone has a fleet of 191 helicopters and ordered 154 firm and option aircraft. Its helicopters are used in search-and-rescue, offshore oil and gas, emergency medical services, mining, and police surveillance.
Qatar Airways / IAG – $1.73bn
Qatar Airways acquired a 9.99% ownership in British airline holding company International Consolidated Airlines Group (IAG) for $1.73bn in January. It also has an option to further acquire additional stakes not exceeding 9.99% in future.
With the acquisition, Qatar Airways aims to enhance operations, strengthen its membership in IAG's Oneworld Alliance as well as expand existing commercial ties, initiated through code share pacts with IAG.
 
IAG / Aer Lingus – $1.5bn (€1.35bn)
In September, Ireland's national airline Aer Lingus was acquired by IAG for $1.5bn (€1.35bn), following the European Commission's approval in July.
The addition of Aer Linus allows IAG to expand its services through Dublin. IAG provides services such as air transport for passengers and cargo, landside cargo handling and airport ground handling. Aer Lingus has a fleet of 50 aircraft and serves approximately 11 million passengers a year.
Alcoa / RTI International – $1.5bn
Alcoa, a lightweight metals technology firm based in the US, acquired RTI International Metals for $1.5bn in July, under the terms of a merger agreement signed in March. Integrated under Alcoa's downstream Engineered Products and Solutions (EPS) division, RTI International Metals is now known as Alcoa Titanium & Engineered Products (ATEP).
ATEP provides titanium and specialty metal products and services for the aerospace, defence, medical device and energy markets. The acquisition will strengthen Alcoa's aerospace market and titanium operations.
 
SAIC / Scitor Holdings – $790m
Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), a technology integrator based in the US, took over national security provider Scitor Holdings for $790m in cash in May. The takeover followed a merger agreement signed between Scitor's former owner Leonard Green & Partners and SAIC in March.
Scitor provides critical mission support to customers in the US Department of Defense, intelligence community, and other government agencies. The acquisition of Scitor enables SAIC to provide increased services to its defence and intelligence customers.
GKN / Fokker Technologies – $780m
Arle Capital's Fokker Technologies was acquired by GKN Aerospace for €706m ($780m) in October. The acquisition, first announced in July, will is expected to expand GKN Aerospace's technological offerings and extend original equipment manufacturer (OEM) relationships.
GKN Aerospace is a tier-one designer and manufacturer of composite and metallic assemblies for aerostructures and engine products. Dutch aerospace company Fokker Technologies designs, develops and produces landing gear, aero structures and wiring systems.
 
TransDigm Group / Telair International – $725m
AAR CORP's Telair Cargo Group of businesses were taken over by TransDigm Group, a designer, producer and supplier of aircraft components based in the US, for approximately $725m in cash in March, a month after the agreement was signed. The deal was financed by TransDigm through its existing cash on hand and $75m borrowing through its existing revolving credit facility.
The Telair Cargo Group, through its three operating units Telair International, Telair US and Nordisk Aviation Products, supplies cargo handling, restraint systems and unit load devices for both commercial and military markets.
Precision Castparts / Noranco – $560m
Precision Castparts Corp, a manufacturer of metal components and products, took over Noranco from MidOcean Partners and PSP Investments, for $560m in October. Noranco, which supplies complex machine components and assemblies to the aerospace and defence sector, was previously acquired by private equity fund investor MidOcean and its co-investors in April 2013.

Mergers and Acquisitions — The 10 Biggest Deals of 2013
These companies led the mergers and acquisitions charge in 2013
By Dan Burrows, InvestorPlace Feature Writer Dec 11, 2013, 9:44 am EDT
Mergers and acquisitions never reached the fizzy levels experts predicted, but 2013 is still shaping up to be the best year for U.S. deal activity in five years.
 Although most mergers and acquisitions ultimately fail to create value for shareholders down the road, it’s hard to say that the economy or markets are truly healthy without them — and that’s not just because investment bankers and corporate law firms need to get paid.
Companies don’t do much wheeling and dealing when markets and the economy are in a funk. A pickup in mergers and acquisitions activity is a sign of confidence — and animal spirits and investor psychology are as critical as anything to ensuring better times ahead.
Despite notching one of the biggest mergers and acquisitions on record, 2013 was hardly a whirlwind of deal activity, but it did pick up smartly.
U.S. mergers and acquisitions volume totaled $865.1 billion in the first nine months of 2013, according to Dealogic. That’s a 39% increase over the same period a year ago — and the highest nine-month total since 2008.
Some deals made huge splashes, while other passed by more quietly, but all of them contributed to the recovery in M&A. For the top 10 mergers acquisitions of 2013, according to FactSet, read on:
10 STOCKS SET FOR MONSTER GROWTH IN 2019
COMPARE BROKERS
#10: Applied Materials (AMAT) Buys Tokyo Electron (TOELY)
 
Transaction Value: $10 billion
Applied Materials (AMAT) and Tokyo Electron (TOELY) are two of the biggest and most important suppliers to the semiconductor industry in the world, making the machines and technology that turns silicon wafers into computer chips.
Merging the No.1 and No. 3 manufacturers in the industry will create a giant with a market cap of about $30 billion, but more than anything, it’s a defensive move. Technical and financial pressures are squeezing margins and profits in an already mature industry.
Now that the two biggest players have tied the knot, we can expect even more mergers and acquisitions in this sector in 2014.
10 STOCKS SET FOR MONSTER GROWTH IN 2019
COMPARE BROKERS
#9: Spectra Energy Partners (SEP) Buys Spectra Energy Corp.’s (SE) U.S. Transmission, Storage & Liquids Assets
 Transaction Value: $9.8 billion
Income investors who love master limited partnerships were licking their chops when this deal was announced. Spectra Energy Partners’ (SEP) acquisition of assets from Spectra Energy Corp. (SE) transforms it into one of the largest fee-based MLPs in the country.
The deal is supposed to offer about $8 billion in organic growth potential by the end of the decade, and it diversifies SEP’s portfolio of energy, storage and transmission revenues.
Best of all for income seekers, SEP expects its annual distribution growth to hit 9% from now until 2015.
10 STOCKS SET FOR MONSTER GROWTH IN 2019
COMPARE BROKERS
#8: American Airlines (AAMRQ) Buys US Airways (LCC)
 Transaction Value: $11 billion
US Airways (LCC) had long been looking for a merger partner, but probably didn’t imagine it would find a deal quite like this. AMR Corp. (AAMRQ) — parent of American Airlines — emerged from bankruptcy with a deal in place to merge with US Airways, creating the world’s largest airline in the process.
When American Airlines filed for bankruptcy protection at the end of 2011, it knew that coming out of the process as a standalone company was a losing proposition. Enter US Airways — always a bridesmaid in the consolidation-crazy airline industry.
The deal gives American and US Airways a chance to compete against United Continental Holdings (UAL) and Delta Air Lines (DAL) — and a chance for American to pay back its creditors.
10 STOCKS SET FOR MONSTER GROWTH IN 2019
COMPARE BROKERS
#7: Thermo Fisher Scientific (TMO) Buys Life Technologies (LIFE)
 Transaction Value: $13 billion
There were a lot of mergers and acquisitions in the healthcare industry this year — especially in the various specialty subsectors — and no deal was bigger than this.
Thermo Fisher Scientific (TMO), the world’s largest maker of scientific and lab equipment, struck an agreement to buy genetic sequencing companyLife Technologies (LIFE). The tie-up vaults Thermo into a prime position in the promising new field of personalized medicine.
Life Technologies is a huge prize because of the dramatic strides it’s making it cutting the time and costs for sequencing human DNA, which allows for the development of highly personal gene-based diagnostic tests and therapies.
10 STOCKS SET FOR MONSTER GROWTH IN 2019
COMPARE BROKERS
#6: Liberty Global (LBTYA) Buys Virgin Media
 Transaction Value: $16 billion
This deal didn’t make much of a splash on this side of the pond, but billionaire John Malone’s international cable business sure made waves in the U.K.’s telecom and cable market.
Liberty Global’s (LBTYA) deal to buy U.K. cable-TV and broadband provider Virgin Media created a much stronger rival to No. 1 British Sky Broadcasting.
And it’s already paying off, at least in terms of share-price performance. LBTYA is up 36% for the year-to-date, and up 17% since the Virgin Media deal closed in June.
10 STOCKS SET FOR MONSTER GROWTH IN 2019
COMPARE BROKERS
#5: Publicis Groupe (PUBGY) Buys Omnicom Group (OMC)
 Transaction Value: $17 billion
It was a complete and total shock when bitter rivals Publicis(PUBGY) and Omnicom (OMC) agreed to a so-called merger of equals to create the largest advertising agency holding company in the world.
Once the deal closes, the new company will be worth about $35 billion and have roughly $23 billion in annual revenue — and it will leave a vastly changed industry landscape.
Indeed, now that Omnicom and Publicis are hooking up, the Big Four players will become the Big Three, leaving just Omnicom-Publicis, WPP (WPPGY) and Interpublic Group (IPG).
10 STOCKS SET FOR MONSTER GROWTH IN 2019
COMPARE BROKERS
#4: Comcast (CMCSA) Buys NBCUniversal Media from General Electric (GE)
 Transaction Value: $17 billion
The sitcom 30 Rock sure had a lot of fun with this drawn-out deal — and it sure took long enough — but General Electric (GE) finally sold its media company to Kabletown, er, Comcast(CMCSA).
The storied NBC network and other entertainment properties are probably a better fit for a cable company than a conglomerate that makes everything from toaster ovens to turbine engines. But it remains to be seen whether NBCU has finally found a good home.
One thing that’s not in doubt is what the deal has done for CMCSA stock price. Comcast stock is up a market-beating 36% for the year-to-date.
10 STOCKS SET FOR MONSTER GROWTH IN 2019
COMPARE BROKERS
#3: Michael Dell and Private Equity Firm Silverlake Buy Dell
 Transaction Value: $25 billion
If you needed any evidence that mobile tech is upending the world, look no farther than Dell going private. Once the largest manufacturer of PCs on the planet, Dell just didn’t make much sense as a publicly traded company anymore.
On an unadjusted basis, Dell stock used to top $170 a share — but that was a long time ago. When founder Michael Dell and his private equity partners finally bought the company out — something Dell had been pursuing since February — they paid total consideration of just $13.88 a share.
When all was said and done (and after adjusting for splits and dividends), Dell sold at a 75% discount to its all-time high.
10 STOCKS SET FOR MONSTER GROWTH IN 2019
COMPARE BROKERS
#2: Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.B) and 3G Partners Buy H.J. Heinz
 Transaction Value: $23 billion
Berkshire Hathaway’s (BRK.B) Warren Buffett has had a hard time finding the big elephants he usually likes to hunt, so he must have been very pleased to buy ketchup-maker H.J. Heinz with the help of a private equity partner.
When the news hit, it also fueled a lot of (ultimately false) hope that 2013 would be a banner year for mergers and acquisitions. But that didn’t pan out. Sure, the M&A numbers are the best they’ve been in five years, but they’re still well below all-time highs.
Regardless, it’s always good for market psychology when the Oracle of Omaha goes shopping, and the Heinz deal was a nice vote of confidence early in 2013.
10 STOCKS SET FOR MONSTER GROWTH IN 2019
COMPARE BROKERS
#1: Verizon (VZ) Buys Out Verizon Wireless Stake from Vodafone (VOD)
 Transaction Value: $130 billion
The biggest deal of the year — and one of the biggest of all time — was Verizon’s (VZ) agreement to buy out Vodafone’s (VOD) 45% stake in Verizon Wireless.
More than a decade in the making, the deal’s final price tag makes it the third-largest corporate transaction of all time, behind only AOL’s (AOL) merger with Time Warner (TWX), and Vodafone AirTouch’s takeover of Germany’s Mannesmann.
When it comes to mergers and acquisitions, this one looks like a sure winner for VZ shareholders. Even if growth is hard to come by in the saturated mobile market, Verizon Wireless is an absolute cash cow.
Top Tech Mergers and Acquisitions 2013
February 17, 2014 
//// Uncategorized
 
Save
 In the good old days, Microsoft sold us software, Google and Yahoo helped us search the web, Facebook and Twitter gave us a social network and Apple sold us cool computers and phones. But that’s not the case anymore. All of these tech giants have grown to compete with on and other on every field. The weapon that these super powers use to fight this “winner takes all” tech war is tech mergers, and lots of it.
These big money tech mergers are what fuels the booming tech world, with more than $15 billion being spent each year by companies like Facebook, Google, Twitter, Apple and Microsoft on mergers and acquisitions alone.
When one tech giants gobbles up another major player, like in the Microsoft and Nokia deal, the whole world talks about it. However, most of us are not aware that these media empires actually purchase companies by the dozen each year. Most of the time, the purchase price is not disclosed, but it is safe to say that it usually amounts to tens of millions of dollars.
So which company has been the most active this year in the market? Here are the top tech mergers and acquisitions that happened in 2013:
The Top Tech Mergers and Acquisitions 2013 Infographic
 
Google:
The search giant was very active in 2013, acquiring 19 different companies for more than $2.5 billion. The company’s biggest acquisition was the Israeli traffic navigating app Waze for a reported $966 million. Other big deals include buying the ecommerce product Channel Intelligence for $125 million, gesture recognition technology Flutter for $40 million and the language processor Wavii for “just” $30 million.
Google’s top secret department “Google X” bought a reported eight companies this year, all for an undisclosed prices. Most of the companies are in the robotics field, manufacturing cameras, wheels and even robotic arms. Altogether Google has acquired 128 companies since its first deal in 2001. 
Apple:
Like Google, Apple’s biggest deal in 2013 was an Israeli company; PrimeSense a 3D sensors company purchased for a reported $345 million. Altogether Apple bought 12 companies this year, spending $200 million on the San Francisco based social search and analytics company Topsy and more than $45 million on the personal assistant app, Cue. Overall, Apple has bought 48 companies in the past 15 years.
Yahoo:
Yahoo rocked the tech world earlier this year when it purchased the micro-blogging platform Tumblr for a reported $1.1 billion. The deal was just one of twenty one companies that Yahoo bought in 2013 with other major deals including the automated video production app Qwiki for a reported $50 million and the UK based news aggregator Summly for a total of $30 million.
Facebook:
After buying Instagram for $1 billion last year, Mark Zuckerberg and the Facebook team were a bit more conservative in 2013, buying a total of seven companies including Israeli based mobile analytics company Onavo for $120 million and Seattle based advertising platform Atlas for $75 million.
Facebook is known to be a very active buyer in the market, buying 39 companies in the past seven years. It was also responsible for the biggest “almost deal” of the year when it reportedly tried to buy the photo sharing social network Snapchat for $3 billion just last month.
Twitter:
Building up to their successful IPO, Twitter also had a very active year in the market, buying no less than eight companies for a total of just under $1 billion. Major deals included the mobile ad network MoPub for $350 million and crash reporting app Crashlytics for around $100 million. Just for comparison, since Jack Dorsey founded Twitter in 2006, the company has acquired a total of 23 companies, eight of them in 2013.
Microsoft:
Last but certainly not least, Software giant Microsoft stole the attention of everyone this year when it signed the biggest deal of 2013, buying the mobile unit of the Finish empire Nokia for an astounding $7.2 billion. Nokia was Microsofts biggest purchase since the historic Skype acquisition in 2011 for $8.5 billion. Other than Nokia, Microsoft bought six other companies in 2013.
Top 10 Indian Mergers And Acquisitions!
 By Kaushambi Last updated Apr 17, 2018
 5
 Share
[Updated] We have recently published the top 10 mergers and acquisition deals for 2014. You can click here to check it.
At Trak.in, we’ve been giving you regular updates of the big India funding deals and the top Mergers & Acquisitions through the year. According to a report by Grant Thornton, the value of Indian M & As declined 56 percent in the Q3 for 2011. And according to Dealogic, “India’s targeted volume decreased 33 percent from 65.1 billion dollars in 2010 to 43.7 billion dollars in 2011.” Let’s see which deals got into the top 10 spot this year, in no particular order. 
Contents [hide]
•	1 The Reliance – BP deal
•	2 Essar exits Vodafone
•	3 The Fortis Healthcare merger
•	4 iGate acquires majority stake in Patni Computers
•	5 GVK Power acquires Hancock Coal
•	6 Essar Energy’s Stanlow Refinery Deal with Royal Dutch Shell
•	7 Aditya Birla Group to acquire Columbian Chemicals
•	8 Mahindra & Mahindra acquires Ssangyong
•	9 The Vedanta – Cairn acquisition
•	10 Adani Enterprises takes over Abbot Point Coal
The Reliance – BP deal
The much talked about Reliance – BP deal finally came through in July 2011 after a 5 month wait. Reliance Industries signed a 7.2 billion dollar deal with UK energy giant BP, with 30 percent stake in 21 oil and gas blocks operated in India. Although the Indian government’s approval on two oil blocks still remains pending, this still makes it one of the biggest FDI deals to come through in India Inc in 2011-12-31.
Essar exits Vodafone
In March 2011, the Vodafone Group announced that it would buy 33 percent stake in its Indian joint venture for about 5 billion dollars after the Essar Group sold its holding and exited Vodafone. Healthcare giant Piramal Group too, bought about 5.5 percent in the Indian arm of Vodafone for about 640 million dollars. This brings Vodafone’s current stake to about 75 percent.
The Fortis Healthcare merger
In September 2011, India’s second largest hospital chain, Fortis Healthcare (India) Ltd, announced that it will merge with Fortis Healthcare International Pte Ltd., the promoters’ privately held company. This will make Fortis Asia’s top healthcare provider with the approximate total revenue pegged at Rs. 4,800 crore. Fortis India will buy the entire stake of the Singapore based Fortis International. This company is currently held by the Delhi-based Singh brothers (Malvinder Singh and Shivinder Singh).
iGate acquires majority stake in Patni Computers
In May 2011, IT firm iGate completed its acquisition of its midsized rival Patni Computers for an estimated 1.2 billion dollars. For iGate, the main aim of this acquisition was to increase its revenue, vertical capability and customer base. iGate now holds an approximate stake of 82.5 percent in Patni computers, now called iGate Patni.
GVK Power acquires Hancock Coal
In one of the biggest overseas acquisitions initiated by India in September 2011, Hyderabad-based GVK Power bought out Australia’s Hancock Coal for about 1.26 billion dollars. The acquisition includes a majority of the coal resources, railway line and port infrastructure of Hancock Coal, along with the option for long term coal supply contracts.
Essar Energy’s Stanlow Refinery Deal with Royal Dutch Shell
The Ruias’ flagship company for its oil business, Essar Energy completed its 350 million dollar acquisition of the UK based Stanlow Refinery of Shell in August 2011. In addition to a direct access to the UK market, Essar is planning to make optimum utilization of this deal with its ‘100 day plan’ to improve operations at the UK unit.
Aditya Birla Group to acquire Columbian Chemicals
In June 2011, the Aditya Birla Group announced its completion of acquiring US based Columbian Chemicals, a 100 year old carbon black maker company for an estimated 875 million dollars. This will make the Aditya Birla Group one of the largest carbon black maker companies in the world, doubling its production capacity instantly.
Mahindra & Mahindra acquires Ssangyong
In March 2011, Mahindra acquired a 70 percent stake in ailing South Korean auto maker Ssangyong Motor Company Limited (SYMC) at a total of 463 million dollars. This acquisition will see the Korean company’s flagship SUV models, the Rexton II and the Korando C foray into the Indian market.
The Vedanta – Cairn acquisition
December 2011 finally saw the completion of the much talked about Vedanta – Cairn deal that was in the pipeline for more than 16 months. Touted to be the biggest deal for Indian energy sector, Vedanta acquired Cairn India for a neat 8.6 billion dollars. Although the Home Ministry cleared the deal, it has highlighted areas of concern with 64 legal proceedings against Vedanta.
Adani Enterprises takes over Abbot Point Coal
In June 2011, Adani acquired the Australian Abbot Point Port for 1.9 billion dollars. With this deal, the revenues from port operations are expected to almost triple from 110 million Australian dollars to 305 million Australian dollars in 2011. According to Adani, this was amongst the largest port deals ever made.
20 Game Changing Consumer Tech M&A Deals
•	September 2, 2015
•	Share 20 Game Changing Consumer Tech M&A Deals on Facebook 
•	Share 20 Game Changing Consumer Tech M&A Deals on Twitter 
•	Share 20 Game Changing Consumer Tech M&A Deals on LinkedIn 
•	Share 20 Game Changing Consumer Tech M&A Deals via Email
•	Financing & Exits
Which consumer tech acquisitions of the last six years will be remembered as game-changers?
WHERE IS THIS DATA COMING FROM?
Start your free trial today
Email 
 
In hindsight, it’s relatively easy to point to a few consumer tech acquisitions that seemed crazy at the time, but ended up being prescient bets on future tech trends and growth areas.
These include the much-discussed acquisitions of Android, YouTube, Skype, and Paypal, among others.
We analyzed more recent consumer tech acquisition and identified those we believe will have the most impact on the tech industry going forward. These acquisitions marked major turning points for the technology involved, a significant strategic bet by acquirer, and/or were notable simply for the transaction’s size relative to the target’s potential.
Note: This analysis only includes first exits of private companies. The list is in alphabetical order by company acquired.  
GET THE PDF: TOP TECH COMPANY M&A
Get this data-driven analysis on the acquisition history of Apple, Microsoft, Google, and other big tech companies over the past few years.
Email 
 
 
APPLE ACQUIRES BEATS ELECTRONICS
 
Apple’s acquisition of Beats for $3B in 2014 was the largest disclosed acquisition the company has made to date. Apple, which revolutionized the music industry when it released the iPod and iTunes, has fallen behind as music streaming began to dominate consumer consumption habits and led to the rise of Spotify, Rdio, and Tidal among others. The new Apple Music app, based in parts on Beats’ technology, could be a serious contender. The fate of Apple Music will help determine the fate of the other streaming music players, and  the music industry’s future. Apple Music has 11M trial subscribers after its first five weeks, with a 79% retention rate, according to the company. But Apple Music will have to ramp up its user acquisition significantly to succeed.
Sources: The Motley Fool, CNBC
PAYPAL ACQUIRES BRAINTREE/VENMO
 
Peer-to-peer mobile payments app Venmo was acquired by Chicago-based mobile and online payments processor Braintree in 2012 for $26M, and Braintree was later acquired by Paypal for $800M in 2013. Venmo processed $700M in payments in Q4’14, up from $141M in Q4’13. Braintree is also a key factor in Paypal’s global expansion plans, since the acquired company is popular among international merchants and integrates easily into online and mobile-only startups. Braintree processed $22.8B payments in 2014, more than double the previous year’s amount. This acquisition was key for Paypal, which now operates two major players in both the P2P payments and mobile payments spaces after spinning out of eBay.
Sources: Yahoo Finance, Small Biz Trends, Fortune, Bloomberg
DIDI DACHE AND KUAIDI DACHE MERGE
 
Didi and Kuaidi Dache, the largest car-hailing players in China’s market, have merged together to form a $15B ride-hailing giant. This move is especially significant as Uber raises $1B+ in capital to move into the country. Didi and Kuaidi Dache have now formed a united front, when they were previously involved in a costly pricing war with each other. China, one of Uber’s most important target markets, will now be one of the toughest battle grounds in ride-hailing.
Sources: Forbes, Fortune
AOL ACQUIRES THE HUFFINGTON POST
 
AOL acquired The Huffington Post for $315M in 2011, solidifying the company’s bet on content and advertising. The Huffington Post was one of the first crowd-sourced news platforms, allowing many people and bloggers who were not full-time employees to use HuffPo as a medium for their views (a model that Jonah Peretti, one of The Huffington Post’s founders, would also use in his later venture, Buzzfeed). The Huffington Post was also  an important player in the wave of media companies monetizing through digital ads rather than subscription or paywalls, which has fundamentally changed that industry. When it was acquired, HuffPo had revenue of approximately $30M, while this year it projected revenue is $168M.
Sources: FiveThirtyEight, NYTimes, Wall Street Journal
FACEBOOK ACQUIRES INSTAGRAM
 
Instagram was bought for $1B in 2012, and some commentators derided the acquisition of a company with no revenue. But since then, other consumer tech acquisitions have soared in value — see Facebook’s WhatsApp acquisition below as Exhibit A. Not to mention, Instagram has begun to roll out high-performing ad units. Facebook’s bet is now looking smart. Instagram is projected to do $595M in mobile ad revenue this year, and had 300M users (which is about the same as Twitter) in December 2014 compared to 30M when Instagram was acquired. The bet on Instagram was also a larger part of Facebook’s early strategy of shifting it’s focus to mobile, where it now generates 76% of it’s ad revenue.
Sources: Techcrunch, eMarketer, CNN
KAKAO AND DAUM MERGE
 
Kakao, maker of South Korea’s top messaging app, and Daum, one of the country’s largest internet portals, merged to form the $9.5B Daum Kakao. The new company creates a serious rival to fend off competition from WeChat and Line Corporation, a company spun out of the larger NHN Japan. This merger illustrates the high stakes involved in the messaging wars happening outside of the US, where controlling the market share is key, since messaging functions as an “all-in-one” platform for other services, including commerce, gaming, and payments.
Sources: Techinasia, Bloomberg, Techcrunch
LINKEDIN ACQUIRES LYNDA.COM
 
LinkedIn’s acquisition of online learning platform Lynda for $1.5B in April 2015 was one of the few unicorn exits of 2015 (despite the overall number of unicorn companies valued at $1B+ jumping to new heights). This acquisition is significant for a few reasons.
•	First, it’s LinkedIn’s largest disclosed acquisition of all time.
•	Second, it’s the biggest VC-backed education technology exit of the last decade (first exits only).
•	Finally, Lynda fills an important gap for LinkedIn, which links together jobs to people with those relevant skills. Now with Lynda, users have a direct platform to develop those skills and earn credentials, furthering LinkedIn’s reputation as “your online resume”.
Sources: Recode, Pando
INTUIT ACQUIRES MINT
 
Intuit, known for its software platforms Quicken, TurboTax, and Quickenbooks, acquired Mint.com for $170M in 2009, just three years after the company launched. Braving through the recession, Mint became a popular personal finance app, which challenged Quicken’s dominance of the field by putting an emphasis on UI/UX and ease of use. Intuit acquiring Mint was one of the first startup acquisitions in the personal finance space, which has gotten especially hot in recent years. Intuit’s acquisition was smart because it removed one of their biggest competitors, brought a design focus to their products, and widened the potential pipeline of customers moving from their personal finance platforms to other relevant software such as TurboTax. Mint’s user base has also grown significantly, from 1M at the acquisition to more than 13M in 2013.
Sources: Techcrunch, Kissmetrics, Business Insider
MICROSOFT ACQUIRES MOJANG
 
Microsoft bought Mojang, the maker of wildly popular game Minecraft, for $2.5B at the end of 2014. Minecraft was entirely bootstrapped, proving you don’t need to raise money to be a unicorn and exit at $1B+. The acquisition highlighted Microsoft’s new strategy of focusing on mobile-centric products, and bolsters Microsoft’s gaming product line. Microsoft already has an enviable perch in the gaming industry given the Xbox, desktop, and VR platforms it currently owns. The acquisition also gives Microsoft a channel into the younger demographics that Minecraft targets, specifically people below the age of 15, and could easily become a multibillion dollar franchise on its own, similar to the multimedia empire that Lego built. Finally, watching how Microsoft handles Minecraft going forward will be important, since it not only has to handle the game itself, but needs to make sure that the community that’s developed around the game is maintained (a struggle many large companies face when acquiring community-centric startups).
Sources: Wired, Wharton, ZDnet
GOOGLE ACQUIRES NEST
 
Nest, the smart home thermostat company, was bought by Google for $3.2B in early 2014. Not only did the search giant pick up Nest’s founder Tony Fadell, in the past one of Apple’s top product designers, but it also made a significant foray into the home-automation and smart home spaces. Furthered by the subsequent acquisition of Dropcam, Nest represents an entire division within Google’s parent company, Alphabet, to introduce consumer tech into homes, and capture data/and provide services during those moments when you’re not on your smartphone or computer. The acquisition also represented a win for the beleaguered greentech industry, putting a spotlight on energy saving and energy data analytics.
Sources: Wired
FACEBOOK ACQUIRES OCULUS
 
Facebook bought Oculus for $2B in 2014, with the VR company raising only $93M prior to the deal. Virtual reality is still a nascent field, but with the acquisition of Oculus, Facebook has positioned itself to be leader in the category. Facebook was quickly followed by other major tech corporations including Samsung, Microsoft, and Google — all quickly announcing their own version of VR headsets. The Oculus acquisition also represents Facebook’s interest in venturing into cutting-edge, unproven technologies (another major project is Facebook’s solar-powered UAV, Aquila). Oculus is slated for consumer release in early 2016, and will represent Facebook’s first consumer hardware for purchase, though its success is of course to be determined.
Sources: MIT Technology Review, Techcrunch, Facebook Announcement
TWITTER ACQUIRES PERISCOPE
 
Periscope was acquired for approximately $100M in March 2015, and Twitter officially released the app after mobile live video-streaming competitor Meerkat unveiled theirs at SXSW a few weeks before. Periscope had 1 million active accounts after its first 10 days, and now has 10 million as of August 2015. Periscope is a proving ground for whether or not a large audience exists for live mobile video streaming. The company has already created problems for high-value live events (such as the Floyd Mayweather vs. Manny Pacquiao boxing fight) but also has the capability to transform industries such as news or content as a whole. It will take time to see whether or not Twitter’s bet will pay off, and whether Periscope will succeed in its battle for market share against Meerkat.
Sources: Techcrunch, The Verge, Fortune
TENCENT ACQUIRES RIOT GAMES
 
Tencent acquired a majority stake in “League of Legends” game studio Riot Games in 2011, when the company had 1 million total active players and estimated revenue of $50M. League of Legends generated over $1B in revenue in 2014 with 67M people playing per month according to the studio’s website. This was one of the largest cross-border game acquisitions of its time, and the bet has more than paid itself off.
Sources: PC Mag, St. Louis Business Journal, PC Gamer, Forbes
SOFTBANK CORP. ACQUIRES SUPERCELL
 
Japanese telecom giant Softbank bought a majority stake in game company Supercell in 2013 for $1.5B, when Supercell had yearly revenues of approximately $570M. In 2014 Supercell had revenue of $1.7B and also more than doubled its earnings to $565M compared to the year prior. Softbank also increased its holdings in the company to 73%. Supercell is now a $5.5B company that marks one of the few breakout successes in mobile gaming, a field VCs have typically avoided investing in.
Sources: Reuters, Venturebeat, Techcrunch
AMAZON ACQUIRES TWITCH
 
Amazon bought Twitch for around $1B in 2014 after beating out other suitors like Google. This move is significant for several reasons:
•	It legitimizes the growth of e-sports as a sector — i.e., watching video games as a spectator sport — and gives Amazon excellent positioning to become a major player in this category. Amazon’s acquisition could prove to be extremely prophetic if the market for e-sports continues to grow.
•	It also continues Amazon’s strategy of moving into media content, alongside investments in Amazon Instant Video and  original programming.
•	Twitch’s growth has continued. When Twitch was acquired, it already had 55 million unique viewers in the month, and 6 months after the Amazon acquisition was already seeing 100 million monthly visitors. Twitch currently takes more of total revenue share for gaming videos than YouTube according to a report by Superdata.
But with YouTube launching a competitor, YouTube Gaming, this balance could shift in the future.
Sources: Wall Street Journal, Geekwire, Forbes, Superdata
ALIBABA ACQUIRES UCWEB
 
Between 2009 and 2013, Alibaba’s investments in UCWeb resulted in an ownership stake of 66%, and Alibaba bought the rest of the shares in 2014 in a deal valuing the company above $1.9B. Flush with cash from its IPO, Alibaba has made it clear that it plans to reinvest this money into growth by expanding into new areas, particularly in mobile and search. China has 54% 3G and 4G penetration in it’s overall mobile population of 1.29B people, but that proportion is growing and Alibaba is trying to position itself to take advantage of this. While the company has made a number of small investments in US companies (Lyft, Snapchat, etc.), it has kept focused on the Chinese market and has made several billion dollar deals to reinforce this, including UCWeb, AutoNavi, Koubei, etc. This acquisition also puts Alibaba in a position to acquire mobile market share from its competitor, Baidu. UCWeb commands 65% of China’s mobile search market, and also holds the largest mobile browser share in India.
Sources: Venturebeat, Forbes, NY Times, Alibaba Press Release
TWITTER ACQUIRES VINE
 
Twitter acquired short-video site Vine for $30M in 2012, just 4 months after it was created. Vine saw 34.5M unique US visitors in June, which was the same number as Snapchat. The service is making its first monetization play by acquiring the startup Niche, which matches Vine talent with brand advertisers, and has developed into a thriving social tool that has given rise to many influential Vine personalities. Vine also gives Twitter a foothold into younger demographics that might not turn the parent service as frequently — a youth-centric strategy furthered by Vine’s launch of the companion app, Vine Kids, aimed at a child audience.
Sources: Allthingsd, Quartz, Fortune
GOOGLE ACQUIRES WAZE
 
Google bought Waze for $1.3B in 2013, a strategic play for Google which solidified their mapping and navigation dominance. The purchase removed Google Maps’ main competitor, and was even investigated by US regulator Federal Trade Commission for violating anti-trust laws (which it later determined it did not). Waze’s user-generated data not only helps Google Maps with accuracy, but also adds a social and interactive layer to the already robust platform. And finally, Waze unrolled local ads onto the platform as a monetization move, which falls directly in line with Google’s core business and allows them to leverage their vast geo data to boost revenue. The acquisition was also a big win for Israel’s booming tech scene, and was one of the country’s largest tech exits.
Sources: Forbes, Techcrunch
FACEBOOK ACQUIRES WHATSAPP
 
Facebook is getting very serious about messaging. Before they removed messaging from the main app, and relaunched Messenger as a third-party developer platform, Facebook acquired WhatsApp for a head-turning $19B in 2014. The company had 450M users when it was acquired, and broke 800M MAUs in April 2015, with most of their user base outside the US, instantly giving Facebook massive user and penetration growth in messaging markets globally. Facebook has still not significantly monetized WhatsApp (other than a modest preexisting subscription revenue stream), and has guaranteed it will be ad-free (which runs against the grain of its core business). One possible method for WhatsApp monetization will be “business-to-consumer” messaging, which is already being tried in Messenger. In this, Facebook is taking a page from the strategy of its Asian messaging competitors like Line. Facebook bought WhatsApp at a huge price tag returning solo-backer Sequoia’s fund many times over, and led other VCs to search for their “WhatsApp exit”.
Sources: Techrunch, The Motley Fool
AMAZON ACQUIRES ZAPPOS
 
Amazon acquired Zappos for $807M+ in 2009 in one of the largest e-commerce acquisitions to happen after the dot-com era. The deal been fruitful for Amazon, which acquired a company that already had net revenue of $635M at the time of acquisition. Zappos has also carved a niche out for itself in e-commerce by emphasizing its company culture and obsessive customer service, the latter of which Amazon prides itself on today and has been a big differentiator for the parent company. It’s important to note that Amazon bought Zappos at a little more than 1x net revenue which is a much lower multiple than the valuation of many e-commerce companies today (with Amazon itself trading between 2x and 2.5x price-to-sales ratio of the trailing twelve months).
The Biggest Tech Mergers and Acquisitions of All Time
Tech companies drop massive sums of money on mergers and acquisitions. We ranked the most lucrative
•	
•	OCT. 30, 2018, 1:55 A.M.
•	Facebook
•	Twitter
•	Linkedin
•	Pinterest
•	52 SHARES
 
Tech companies have a lot of money. Two—Apple and Amazon—have eclipsed a trillion-dollar market cap, while others, like Alphabet and Microsoft, aren't far behind. And one thing tech giants love to do with their money is scoop up other companies in massive merger and acquisition (M&A) deals.
Every year, billions upon billions of dollars change hands in service of corporate consolidation. New blockbuster tech deals reshape the landscape so often that we decided to start keeping track of the most lucrative ones. The list starts with deals of only a couple billion and works its way up to the biggest tech mergers and acquisitions we've seen to date.
However, you won't find futile efforts like Broadcom's blocked $121 billion deal to buy Qualcomm or Qualcomm's failed $47 billion bid for NXP Semiconductors here. Qualcomm has had a rough go in the M&A world lately, but its struggles exemplify one very important rule: the deal isn't closed until it clears government and regulatory approval. If a deal has been announced but hasn't yet closed, you'll see an asterisk next to its entry on the list.
We're also not including stock buybacks, public companies going private via buyout, or the massive consolidation in the telecommunications space, because we have to draw the line somewhere. We'll update this list as new tech mergers and acquisitions emerge. Thanks to capitalism and the tech industry's outsize influence on the economy, you can be sure that eventually, there will always be a bigger deal.
This article originally appeared on PCMag.com.
 
Apple Buys Beats by Dre for $3 Billion
Apple's 2014 deal to buy Beats is the most expensive acquisition in the company's history, but it's the cheapest deal on this list. The tech giant has made dozens of acquisitions since the late '80s, but only one deal valued at more than a billion. For all its cash on hand, compared to the likes of Google and Microsoft, Apple has been positively frugal.

Top M&A deals of 2011
ET lists the top corporate deals for 2011 that kept the India Inc story ticking. Read on to know more:-
ET Online|
Updated: Dec 22, 2011, 05.42 PM IST
Top 10 Greatest U.S. Digital Media M&A Deals Of All Time
Contributor7 years ago
 Comment
 
Editor’s note: Contributor Ashkan Karbasfrooshan is the founder and CEO of WatchMojo.
Back in November 2006, I published the Top 10 Greatest Internet Digital Media M&A Deals of All Time.  It included eBay’s $1.5 billion acquisition of PayPal, Yahoo’s $1.6 billion acquisition of Overture, and Microsoft’s $400 million purchase of Hotmail back in 1998.  It also included News Corp’s $580 million acquisition of MySpace.  Don’t laugh.   The list was published a month after the big $900 million deal with Google, which I thought Google had drastically overpaid for at the time.  Of course, times they change, as does the list, so I decided to update the list – and yes, I went through all 255 pages on the Acquisitions section of CrunchBase.
Below is my updated list of the Top 10 Greatest Digital Media M&A Deals, in reverse order.  Give me your top ten in comments.
The Criteria
•	Lists are subjective, this one isn’t any different.
•	Suffice to say these are U.S. deals.
•	This is not a “tech list”, my background and experience lies in search, video and online advertising, so naturally there is a skew there.
•	Expensive is relative, but not overpaying is a major criteria.  As Fred Wilson mentioned when I first published the initial list, “Seven of the eleven deals were done in the “Internet doldrums” of 2001-2004. It will always be true that the best time to buy is when nobody else is buying.”
•	People matter in all deals, so a good “acq-hire” is sometimes worth more than a deal that is accretive to earnings.
•	Take out a competition?  Always good!
•	Buy low, sell high?  We’re impressed.
•	Allows parent / acquirer to enter a whole new market with one deal?  You have our attention.
•	We are excluding acquisitions by private equity firms, otherwise Hellman & Friedman’s acquisition of Doubleclick for $1.1 billion before selling it to Google for $3.1 billion would rank near the top.
•	As with the original list, we’re avoiding partial acquisitions.  That is why Google’s 5% investment in AOL for $1B would didn’t make the initial list (it was a very smart defensive move) and why Silver Lake and Andreessen Horowitz’s 70% acquisition of Skype didn’t make the cut on this updated list (that could have been #1, seeing how they flipped it to Microsoft for $8 billion within 2 years).  Microsoft’s 1.6% stake in Facebook also seems like a bargain now.
•	They have to matter in 2011: for example, while AOL’s acquisition of ICQ to defend AIM and bolster its instant messaging platform was wise, today AIM holds a 1% market share, so the deal doesn’t really resonate anymore.
•	 Last but not least: like with all lists, I am sure I am forgetting a big one, so chime away.
10.  Microsoft acquires Hotmail for $400 million in 1998
The previous year Yahoo! had acquired Four11 for $92 million, by countering with a $400 million acquisition for Hotmail, Microsoft bought its way into the first truly viral application: email. Not only did Hotmail users lead one another to sign up, but as users signed out of their email, they were redirected to MSN.com.
Ironically, this deal has made both “Greatest” and “Worst” lists.  But even as of today, Hotmail is the largest web-based email service and remains larger than AOL, Yahoo and darling Gmail. (How many accounts are active is a fair follow-up question).
More on this deal here.
9.  AOL Time Warner acquires Advertising.com for $435 million in June 2004
Despite wiping out nearly $100 billion in market value by way of the disastrous AOL and Time Warner merger, AOL convinced the board to acquire Advertising.com in 2004 for $435 million.  Without a doubt Advertising.com isn’t driving AOL’s revenues the way it once did, but were it not for this deal, AOL would be in much worse shape than it is today.
More on the deal here.
8. Amazon Acquires Zappos for approximately $928 million in July 2009
Were it not for the RIP Good Times presentation that Sequoia gave its portfolio company CEOs in late 2008, it’s entirely possible that Zappos would still be independent.  But the fact remains, Jeff Bezos met his match in Zappos’ CEO Tony Hsieh on the customer satisfaction front.  By scooping up Zappos, Amazon basically acquired the lone threat in the e-commerce landscape.

7. CBS  Acquires CNET  for $1.8 billion in May 2008
Yes, CBS paid a lot, but at 4x revenues in early 2008, it didn’t have much choice; CNET represented the only property/company that could give CBS overnight scale: becoming a Top 10 property.  And sure, had CBS waited a few months, it could have paid half.  But that’s hindsight, and this is M&A.  I laid out the logic of this deala couple of months before it closed.  Also (disclosure), my company could have been part of this entity as we had strategic conversations with both CBS and CNET before they hooked up.
6. Google Acquires Doubleclick for $3.1 billion in April 2007
Yes, $3.1 billion is a very expensive price tag—especially considering private equity firm Hellman & Friedman paid $1.1 billion earlier—but Doubleclick has helped Google become a display banner juggernaut.  It was money well-spent.
5.  Google Acquires Applied Semantics for $102 million in April 2003
In my original list, I had chosen Google’s acquisition of Sprinks in October 2003 because overnight this deal gave Google a lot of real estate on third-party websites to serve its text link ads on.  However, it was the Applied Semantics deal that gave Google the technology to scan web pages and serve contextual ads, thus giving birth to AdSense.

4. Yahoo! acquires Overture for $1.63 billion in July 2003
After Yahoo! acquired Inktomi for $235 million in December 2002, CEO Terry Semel pulled the trigger on Overture (formerly GoTo.com).  The deal not only gave Yahoo! an inroad into the rapidly growing paid search business but served as its lifeline to stay in the black.
More on the deal here.

3. eBay acquires Paypal for $1.5 billion in 2002
eBay dropped its Billpoint product and agreed to acquire Paypal for $1.5 billion.  Considering that about 60% of PayPal’s business came from eBay, you have to wonder why eBay didn’t apply some pressure to bring down the price, but the fact remains: PayPal drove eBay’s revenues and is now clearly the most exciting part of the business.  The deal also gave rise to a whole generation of Internet entrepreneurs and investors who went onto found or invest in companies such as Facebook, LinkedIn, and Yelp.
More on the deal here.
2. Google Acquires Android for $50 million in August 2005

Google’s own M&A team credits Android as their best deal ever: David Lawee, toldattendees at the Stanford Accel Symposium that the acquisition was quite simply Google’s “best deal ever.”  Android only cost Google around $50 million, and considering that Android founder Andy Rubin, who previously started mobile-device maker Danger Inc., stuck around to take on RIM and Apple, it clearly deserves a top spot.
1. Google Acquires YouTube for $1.65 billion in October 2006
David Lawee might be reading this and scratching his head: what can possibly convince someone to pick YouTube ahead of the deal that Google’s own M&A team picked as the “best deal ever”?
Google bought YouTube for $1.65 billion in stock and within the first few days saw its market valuation rise by well over $2 billion.  By doing so, it inadvertently blocked its only true threat as a search engine by scooping up what was to become the No. 2 search engine in the world.  It can be argued that  every 1% search market share is worth $1 billion.
If that wasn’t enough as a defensive move, YouTube gave Google an entry into display advertising (this was six months before the Doubleclick acquisition) and billions of additional pageviews to serve Google search ads on as overlay on the videos.  Today, Google is the undisputed king of both search and video, and thanks to Android, it can claim to lead in mobile as well.
But this misses the point, were it not Android, it could be argued that Google would have found something else (internal or via acquisition) to do what Android does.  Google made Android into what it is today.  However, YouTube was a force to be reckoned with and at the time of the acquisition the most explosive startup ever.  Sequoia had only poured $11.5 million of venture funding into the company.  YouTube had the runway—forget what Mark Cuban says, he did after all sell Broadcast.com for $5.7 billion to Yahoo—to become a threat the way Facebook has become a threat.  By buying YouTube, Google scorched the earth in online video.
20 Game Changing Consumer Tech M&A Deals
•	September 2, 2015
•	Share 20 Game Changing Consumer Tech M&A Deals on Facebook 
•	Share 20 Game Changing Consumer Tech M&A Deals on Twitter 
•	Share 20 Game Changing Consumer Tech M&A Deals on LinkedIn 
•	Share 20 Game Changing Consumer Tech M&A Deals via Email
•	Financing & Exits
Which consumer tech acquisitions of the last six years will be remembered as game-changers?
WHERE IS THIS DATA COMING FROM?
Start your free trial today
Email 
 
In hindsight, it’s relatively easy to point to a few consumer tech acquisitions that seemed crazy at the time, but ended up being prescient bets on future tech trends and growth areas.
These include the much-discussed acquisitions of Android, YouTube, Skype, and Paypal, among others.
We analyzed more recent consumer tech acquisition and identified those we believe will have the most impact on the tech industry going forward. These acquisitions marked major turning points for the technology involved, a significant strategic bet by acquirer, and/or were notable simply for the transaction’s size relative to the target’s potential.
Note: This analysis only includes first exits of private companies. The list is in alphabetical order by company acquired.  
GET THE PDF: TOP TECH COMPANY M&A
Get this data-driven analysis on the acquisition history of Apple, Microsoft, Google, and other big tech companies over the past few years.
Email 
 
 
APPLE ACQUIRES BEATS ELECTRONICS
 
Apple’s acquisition of Beats for $3B in 2014 was the largest disclosed acquisition the company has made to date. Apple, which revolutionized the music industry when it released the iPod and iTunes, has fallen behind as music streaming began to dominate consumer consumption habits and led to the rise of Spotify, Rdio, and Tidal among others. The new Apple Music app, based in parts on Beats’ technology, could be a serious contender. The fate of Apple Music will help determine the fate of the other streaming music players, and  the music industry’s future. Apple Music has 11M trial subscribers after its first five weeks, with a 79% retention rate, according to the company. But Apple Music will have to ramp up its user acquisition significantly to succeed.
Sources: The Motley Fool, CNBC
PAYPAL ACQUIRES BRAINTREE/VENMO
 
Peer-to-peer mobile payments app Venmo was acquired by Chicago-based mobile and online payments processor Braintree in 2012 for $26M, and Braintree was later acquired by Paypal for $800M in 2013. Venmo processed $700M in payments in Q4’14, up from $141M in Q4’13. Braintree is also a key factor in Paypal’s global expansion plans, since the acquired company is popular among international merchants and integrates easily into online and mobile-only startups. Braintree processed $22.8B payments in 2014, more than double the previous year’s amount. This acquisition was key for Paypal, which now operates two major players in both the P2P payments and mobile payments spaces after spinning out of eBay.
Sources: Yahoo Finance, Small Biz Trends, Fortune, Bloomberg
DIDI DACHE AND KUAIDI DACHE MERGE
 
Didi and Kuaidi Dache, the largest car-hailing players in China’s market, have merged together to form a $15B ride-hailing giant. This move is especially significant as Uber raises $1B+ in capital to move into the country. Didi and Kuaidi Dache have now formed a united front, when they were previously involved in a costly pricing war with each other. China, one of Uber’s most important target markets, will now be one of the toughest battle grounds in ride-hailing.
Sources: Forbes, Fortune
AOL ACQUIRES THE HUFFINGTON POST
 
AOL acquired The Huffington Post for $315M in 2011, solidifying the company’s bet on content and advertising. The Huffington Post was one of the first crowd-sourced news platforms, allowing many people and bloggers who were not full-time employees to use HuffPo as a medium for their views (a model that Jonah Peretti, one of The Huffington Post’s founders, would also use in his later venture, Buzzfeed). The Huffington Post was also  an important player in the wave of media companies monetizing through digital ads rather than subscription or paywalls, which has fundamentally changed that industry. When it was acquired, HuffPo had revenue of approximately $30M, while this year it projected revenue is $168M.
Sources: FiveThirtyEight, NYTimes, Wall Street Journal
FACEBOOK ACQUIRES INSTAGRAM
 
Instagram was bought for $1B in 2012, and some commentators derided the acquisition of a company with no revenue. But since then, other consumer tech acquisitions have soared in value — see Facebook’s WhatsApp acquisition below as Exhibit A. Not to mention, Instagram has begun to roll out high-performing ad units. Facebook’s bet is now looking smart. Instagram is projected to do $595M in mobile ad revenue this year, and had 300M users (which is about the same as Twitter) in December 2014 compared to 30M when Instagram was acquired. The bet on Instagram was also a larger part of Facebook’s early strategy of shifting it’s focus to mobile, where it now generates 76% of it’s ad revenue.
Sources: Techcrunch, eMarketer, CNN
KAKAO AND DAUM MERGE
 
Kakao, maker of South Korea’s top messaging app, and Daum, one of the country’s largest internet portals, merged to form the $9.5B Daum Kakao. The new company creates a serious rival to fend off competition from WeChat and Line Corporation, a company spun out of the larger NHN Japan. This merger illustrates the high stakes involved in the messaging wars happening outside of the US, where controlling the market share is key, since messaging functions as an “all-in-one” platform for other services, including commerce, gaming, and payments.
Sources: Techinasia, Bloomberg, Techcrunch
LINKEDIN ACQUIRES LYNDA.COM
 
LinkedIn’s acquisition of online learning platform Lynda for $1.5B in April 2015 was one of the few unicorn exits of 2015 (despite the overall number of unicorn companies valued at $1B+ jumping to new heights). This acquisition is significant for a few reasons.
•	First, it’s LinkedIn’s largest disclosed acquisition of all time.
•	Second, it’s the biggest VC-backed education technology exit of the last decade (first exits only).
•	Finally, Lynda fills an important gap for LinkedIn, which links together jobs to people with those relevant skills. Now with Lynda, users have a direct platform to develop those skills and earn credentials, furthering LinkedIn’s reputation as “your online resume”.
Sources: Recode, Pando
INTUIT ACQUIRES MINT
 
Intuit, known for its software platforms Quicken, TurboTax, and Quickenbooks, acquired Mint.com for $170M in 2009, just three years after the company launched. Braving through the recession, Mint became a popular personal finance app, which challenged Quicken’s dominance of the field by putting an emphasis on UI/UX and ease of use. Intuit acquiring Mint was one of the first startup acquisitions in the personal finance space, which has gotten especially hot in recent years. Intuit’s acquisition was smart because it removed one of their biggest competitors, brought a design focus to their products, and widened the potential pipeline of customers moving from their personal finance platforms to other relevant software such as TurboTax. Mint’s user base has also grown significantly, from 1M at the acquisition to more than 13M in 2013.
Sources: Techcrunch, Kissmetrics, Business Insider
MICROSOFT ACQUIRES MOJANG
 
Microsoft bought Mojang, the maker of wildly popular game Minecraft, for $2.5B at the end of 2014. Minecraft was entirely bootstrapped, proving you don’t need to raise money to be a unicorn and exit at $1B+. The acquisition highlighted Microsoft’s new strategy of focusing on mobile-centric products, and bolsters Microsoft’s gaming product line. Microsoft already has an enviable perch in the gaming industry given the Xbox, desktop, and VR platforms it currently owns. The acquisition also gives Microsoft a channel into the younger demographics that Minecraft targets, specifically people below the age of 15, and could easily become a multibillion dollar franchise on its own, similar to the multimedia empire that Lego built. Finally, watching how Microsoft handles Minecraft going forward will be important, since it not only has to handle the game itself, but needs to make sure that the community that’s developed around the game is maintained (a struggle many large companies face when acquiring community-centric startups).
Sources: Wired, Wharton, ZDnet
GOOGLE ACQUIRES NEST
 
Nest, the smart home thermostat company, was bought by Google for $3.2B in early 2014. Not only did the search giant pick up Nest’s founder Tony Fadell, in the past one of Apple’s top product designers, but it also made a significant foray into the home-automation and smart home spaces. Furthered by the subsequent acquisition of Dropcam, Nest represents an entire division within Google’s parent company, Alphabet, to introduce consumer tech into homes, and capture data/and provide services during those moments when you’re not on your smartphone or computer. The acquisition also represented a win for the beleaguered greentech industry, putting a spotlight on energy saving and energy data analytics.
Sources: Wired
FACEBOOK ACQUIRES OCULUS
 
Facebook bought Oculus for $2B in 2014, with the VR company raising only $93M prior to the deal. Virtual reality is still a nascent field, but with the acquisition of Oculus, Facebook has positioned itself to be leader in the category. Facebook was quickly followed by other major tech corporations including Samsung, Microsoft, and Google — all quickly announcing their own version of VR headsets. The Oculus acquisition also represents Facebook’s interest in venturing into cutting-edge, unproven technologies (another major project is Facebook’s solar-powered UAV, Aquila). Oculus is slated for consumer release in early 2016, and will represent Facebook’s first consumer hardware for purchase, though its success is of course to be determined.
Sources: MIT Technology Review, Techcrunch, Facebook Announcement
TWITTER ACQUIRES PERISCOPE
 
Periscope was acquired for approximately $100M in March 2015, and Twitter officially released the app after mobile live video-streaming competitor Meerkat unveiled theirs at SXSW a few weeks before. Periscope had 1 million active accounts after its first 10 days, and now has 10 million as of August 2015. Periscope is a proving ground for whether or not a large audience exists for live mobile video streaming. The company has already created problems for high-value live events (such as the Floyd Mayweather vs. Manny Pacquiao boxing fight) but also has the capability to transform industries such as news or content as a whole. It will take time to see whether or not Twitter’s bet will pay off, and whether Periscope will succeed in its battle for market share against Meerkat.
Sources: Techcrunch, The Verge, Fortune
TENCENT ACQUIRES RIOT GAMES
 
Tencent acquired a majority stake in “League of Legends” game studio Riot Games in 2011, when the company had 1 million total active players and estimated revenue of $50M. League of Legends generated over $1B in revenue in 2014 with 67M people playing per month according to the studio’s website. This was one of the largest cross-border game acquisitions of its time, and the bet has more than paid itself off.
Sources: PC Mag, St. Louis Business Journal, PC Gamer, Forbes
SOFTBANK CORP. ACQUIRES SUPERCELL
 
Japanese telecom giant Softbank bought a majority stake in game company Supercell in 2013 for $1.5B, when Supercell had yearly revenues of approximately $570M. In 2014 Supercell had revenue of $1.7B and also more than doubled its earnings to $565M compared to the year prior. Softbank also increased its holdings in the company to 73%. Supercell is now a $5.5B company that marks one of the few breakout successes in mobile gaming, a field VCs have typically avoided investing in.
Sources: Reuters, Venturebeat, Techcrunch
AMAZON ACQUIRES TWITCH
 
Amazon bought Twitch for around $1B in 2014 after beating out other suitors like Google. This move is significant for several reasons:
•	It legitimizes the growth of e-sports as a sector — i.e., watching video games as a spectator sport — and gives Amazon excellent positioning to become a major player in this category. Amazon’s acquisition could prove to be extremely prophetic if the market for e-sports continues to grow.
•	It also continues Amazon’s strategy of moving into media content, alongside investments in Amazon Instant Video and  original programming.
•	Twitch’s growth has continued. When Twitch was acquired, it already had 55 million unique viewers in the month, and 6 months after the Amazon acquisition was already seeing 100 million monthly visitors. Twitch currently takes more of total revenue share for gaming videos than YouTube according to a report by Superdata.
But with YouTube launching a competitor, YouTube Gaming, this balance could shift in the future.
Sources: Wall Street Journal, Geekwire, Forbes, Superdata
ALIBABA ACQUIRES UCWEB
 
Between 2009 and 2013, Alibaba’s investments in UCWeb resulted in an ownership stake of 66%, and Alibaba bought the rest of the shares in 2014 in a deal valuing the company above $1.9B. Flush with cash from its IPO, Alibaba has made it clear that it plans to reinvest this money into growth by expanding into new areas, particularly in mobile and search. China has 54% 3G and 4G penetration in it’s overall mobile population of 1.29B people, but that proportion is growing and Alibaba is trying to position itself to take advantage of this. While the company has made a number of small investments in US companies (Lyft, Snapchat, etc.), it has kept focused on the Chinese market and has made several billion dollar deals to reinforce this, including UCWeb, AutoNavi, Koubei, etc. This acquisition also puts Alibaba in a position to acquire mobile market share from its competitor, Baidu. UCWeb commands 65% of China’s mobile search market, and also holds the largest mobile browser share in India.
Sources: Venturebeat, Forbes, NY Times, Alibaba Press Release
TWITTER ACQUIRES VINE
 
Twitter acquired short-video site Vine for $30M in 2012, just 4 months after it was created. Vine saw 34.5M unique US visitors in June, which was the same number as Snapchat. The service is making its first monetization play by acquiring the startup Niche, which matches Vine talent with brand advertisers, and has developed into a thriving social tool that has given rise to many influential Vine personalities. Vine also gives Twitter a foothold into younger demographics that might not turn the parent service as frequently — a youth-centric strategy furthered by Vine’s launch of the companion app, Vine Kids, aimed at a child audience.
Sources: Allthingsd, Quartz, Fortune
GOOGLE ACQUIRES WAZE
 
Google bought Waze for $1.3B in 2013, a strategic play for Google which solidified their mapping and navigation dominance. The purchase removed Google Maps’ main competitor, and was even investigated by US regulator Federal Trade Commission for violating anti-trust laws (which it later determined it did not). Waze’s user-generated data not only helps Google Maps with accuracy, but also adds a social and interactive layer to the already robust platform. And finally, Waze unrolled local ads onto the platform as a monetization move, which falls directly in line with Google’s core business and allows them to leverage their vast geo data to boost revenue. The acquisition was also a big win for Israel’s booming tech scene, and was one of the country’s largest tech exits.
Sources: Forbes, Techcrunch
FACEBOOK ACQUIRES WHATSAPP
 
Facebook is getting very serious about messaging. Before they removed messaging from the main app, and relaunched Messenger as a third-party developer platform, Facebook acquired WhatsApp for a head-turning $19B in 2014. The company had 450M users when it was acquired, and broke 800M MAUs in April 2015, with most of their user base outside the US, instantly giving Facebook massive user and penetration growth in messaging markets globally. Facebook has still not significantly monetized WhatsApp (other than a modest preexisting subscription revenue stream), and has guaranteed it will be ad-free (which runs against the grain of its core business). One possible method for WhatsApp monetization will be “business-to-consumer” messaging, which is already being tried in Messenger. In this, Facebook is taking a page from the strategy of its Asian messaging competitors like Line. Facebook bought WhatsApp at a huge price tag returning solo-backer Sequoia’s fund many times over, and led other VCs to search for their “WhatsApp exit”.
Sources: Techrunch, The Motley Fool
AMAZON ACQUIRES ZAPPOS
 
Amazon acquired Zappos for $807M+ in 2009 in one of the largest e-commerce acquisitions to happen after the dot-com era. The deal been fruitful for Amazon, which acquired a company that already had net revenue of $635M at the time of acquisition. Zappos has also carved a niche out for itself in e-commerce by emphasizing its company culture and obsessive customer service, the latter of which Amazon prides itself on today and has been a big differentiator for the parent company. It’s important to note that Amazon bought Zappos at a little more than 1x net revenue which is a much lower multiple than the valuation of many e-commerce companies today (with Amazon itself trading between 2x and 2.5x price-to-sales ratio of the trailing twelve months).

1. SAP acquires Qualtrics for $8 billion
German enterprise software giant SAP agreed to acquire Utah-based tech unicorn Qualtrics for $8 billion in November, just as the customer survey SaaS platform was preparing for an IPO.

The purchase, all in cash, comes just after Qualtrics had set its IPO price range at $18-21. It stated in its IPO filing that revenue for the first half of 2018 jumped 42 percent to $184 million, far outstripping its rival SurveyMonkey, which also went public this year. It was most recently valued at $2.5 billion.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oracle acquires SD-WAN specialist Talari Networks
Oracle announced on 15 November that it had agreed to acquire SD-WAN specialist vendor Talari Networks. The Silicon Valley-based company focuses on Software-Defined Wide Area Network (SD-WAN), a modern way of connecting enterprise networks.

"The addition of Talari’s technology is expected to complement Oracle Communications’ leading Session Border Controller (SBC) and network management infrastructure by adding high availability and Quality-of-Experience (QoE) connectivity and cloud application access across any IP network with the reliability and predictability of private networks," Oracle said in a statement.

Terms of the deal were not disclosed. Taller had raised more than $50 million before being acquired, according to Crunchbase.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
. Apptio acquired by Vista Equity Partners for $1.94 billion
Apptio was acquired by US investment firm Vista Equity Partners in November for $1.94 billion.

The Bellevue, Washington-based vendor specialises in tools for IT leaders to get visibility into their spending across complex, hybrid environments to spot pinch points and areas where cost can be optimised. This approach is known as technology business management (TBM).


“Since founding, our focus has been on building the next great cloud software platform by dedicating ourselves to helping companies of all sizes and industries manage, plan, and optimise technology investments across their hybrid IT environments,” said Sunny Gupta, cofounder and CEO of Apptio.

“As we look to the next chapter of Apptio, we are thrilled to provide immediate liquidity to our shareholders at a significant premium to market prices and we remain deeply committed to our mission, product innovation, geographical expansion, and the work of the TBM Council. Vista’s investment and deep expertise in growing world-class SaaS businesses and the flexibility we will have as a private company will help us accelerate our growth while helping us maintain our commitment to creating wildly successful customers.”

The merger agreement includes a 30 day “go-shop” period, which permits Apptio’s board and advisors to actively solicit and potentially enter negotiations with other parties interested in making the acquisition.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. IBM is buying Red Hat for $33 billion
News broke on October 28 that IBM is acquiring the enterprise Linux business Red Hat for a whopping $33.4 billion.

"The acquisition of Red Hat is a game-changer. It changes everything about the cloud market," Ginni Rometty, IBM’s chairman and chief executive officer, said in the statement.

IBM is paying a 63 percent premium on its 20-year partner, which closed at $116.68 per share on Friday, IBM is paying $190 a share. This makes it one of the biggest technology acquisition of the year so far.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
. Oracle acquires DataFox
Oracle announced that it has acquired business intelligence company DataFox an undisclosed amount in October 2018.

The San Francisco-based startup produces a cloud-based AI data engine that provides real-time insights into businesses by analysing more than 2.8 million public and private businesses, 5 million digital properties, 70,000 daily news articles and 756,000 unique signals. It raised $19 million at a $33 million valuation in January 2017.

Oracle will use DataFox to enhance its cloud applications with additional company-level data and signals to help customers make better business decisions

"Oracle's portfolio of cloud applications, including ERP, CX, HCM and SCM, and trusted 3rd party consumer data enable customers to reimagine their business with a complete, secure and connected cloud suite," Steve Miranda, Executive Vice President Applications Development at Oracle said in a letter to Oracle customers and partners. 

"Together, Oracle and DataFox will enrich cloud applications with AI-driven company-level data, powering recommendations to elevate business performance across the enterprise.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Twilio acquires SendGrid
In October, 2018, cloud communications platform Twilio announced it would be acquiring SendGrid, a leading email API platform, in a $2 billion deal. Both companies are targeted towards developers, offering APIs to help seamlessly incorporate communications channels into their apps.

Together, the platforms serve millions of developers and count over 100,000 customers. This will mark a marriage of the leading cloud communications platform with the leading email API platform - adding email to the communications channels Twilio currently caters for, namely: voice, messaging and video.

“Increasingly, our customers are asking us to solve all of their strategic communications challenges - regardless of channel. Email is a vital communications channel for companies around the world, and so it was important to us to include this capability in our platform," said Jeff Lawson, Twilio's co-founder and CEO.

"The two companies share the same vision, the same model, and the same values. We believe this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to bring together the two leading developer-focused communications platforms to create the unquestioned platform of choice for all companies looking to transform their customer engagement.”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Adobe acquires Marketo for $4.75 billion
Adobe announced that it was acquiring marketing software maker Marketo for $4.75 billion in September.

"Adding Marketo's engagement platform to Adobe Experience Cloud will enable Adobe to offer an unrivalled set of solutions for delivering transformative customer experiences across industries and companies of all sizes," Adobe said in a statement.

Marketo is an established vendor in the market, having been founded in 2006 and went public in 2013, before being acquired by Vista Equity Partners for $1.8 billion in 2016. Current Marketo CEO Steve Lucas will continue to run the company but under Adobe's Digital Experience group.

"The combination of Marketo and Adobe's Experience Cloud will form the definitive system of engagement for B2C and B2B enterprise marketers," Lucas said of the acquisition in a blog post.

"Marketo's exceptional lead management, account-level data, and multi-channel marketing capabilities will combine with Adobe's rich behavioural dataset to create the most advanced, unified view of the customer at both an individual and account level."
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cisco acquires Duo Security for $2.35 billion
Cisco took a major step forward in its journey to becoming a security-focused vendor with the acquisition of Duo Security in August, a company that had quickly built itself up to unicorn status (valued at more than $1 billion).

The Ann Arbor, Michigan-based company focuses on cloud-based two-factor authentication, which should help Cisco compete with the leader in this area, the recently public Okta.

David Goeckeler, executive vice president and general manager of Cisco's networking and security business wrote in a news release: "In today's multicloud world, the modern workforce is connecting to critical business applications both on- and off-premise.

"IT teams are responsible for protecting hundreds of different perimeters that span anywhere a user makes an access decision. Duo's zero-trust authentication and access products integrated with our network, device and cloud security platforms will enable our customers to address the complexity and challenges that stem from multi-and hybrid-cloud environments."

Cisco has already earmarked the $2.35 billion (£1.8 billion) acquisition as a way to boost its 'intent-based networking' into multi-cloud environments. Duo's SaaS product will be integrated with Cisco ISE eventually.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AT&T acquires AlienVault
AT&T completed the acquisition of cybersecurity vendor AlienVault in August.

The Spanish-founded company is now based in Silicon Valley. It specialises in threat intelligence and incident response through its Unified Security Management platform and Open Threat Exchange.

AT&T will create a new cybersecurity solutions division as a result, which will be led by AlienVault President and CEO Barmak Meftah.

“Together we have the opportunity to simplify a complex problem and automate how customers tackle their cybersecurity needs,” Meftah said in a statement. “We will combine our phenomenal threat detection, incident response, and compliance security platform with AT&T’s managed security capabilities, making near real-time threat information actionable and achievable.”

Thaddeus Arroyo, CEO of AT&T Business, added: “AlienVault’s cybersecurity talent and threat intelligence capabilities, combined with our ability to deliver innovative threat detection and response solutions at-scale, will help enable businesses of all sizes to better defend themselves.”

The financial terms were not disclosed. AlienVault had raised nearly $120 million since being founded in 2007, including a $52 million round in 2015 led by Institutional Venture Partners.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Siemens acquires no-code vendor Mendix for $700 million
German technology giant Siemens acquired the no-code development platform Mendix for $700 million (£539 million) in July.

The Dutch-founded company is now based in Massachusetts and has grown to the point where it is considered a no-code leader by Gartner.

Mendix will still operate out of Boston, but will now be a part of Siemens' Digital Factory Division.

Jan Mrosik, CEO of that Digital Factory Division said: "As part of our digitalisation strategy, Siemens continues to invest in software offerings for the Digital Enterprise. With the acquisition of Mendix, Siemens continues to add to its comprehensive Digital Enterprise and MindSphere IoT portfolio, with cloud domain expertise, cloud agnostic platform solutions and highly skilled people."

Mendix CEO Derek Roos wrote in a blog post that joining Siemens will help Mendix "by doubling down on R&D investments and geographical expansion".

"Becoming a part of Siemens gives us unprecedented access to deep industry know-how, network and expertise," he added. "Together with our partner ecosystem, we’ll be able to extend the Mendix platform with deeply integrated vertical solutions across a wide range of industries.

"Combining low-code with best-practice solutions and templates will provide even more value and speed to market for our customers."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DocuSign acquires SpringCM for $220 million
DocuSign acquired the Chicago-based software maker SpingCM in July for $220 million (£169 million). The vendor specialises in document generation and contract lifecycle management software, two capabilities DocuSign will look to bring to its sizeable customer base soon.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Workday makes a pair of acquisitions
HR and financial planning software specialists Workday made a pair of acquisitions in the summer, starting with Adaptive Insights in June and followed by Stories.bi in July.

Adaptive Insights is a Palo Alto-based cloud financial planning software maker that Workday will look to leverage to improve its existing Workday Financial Management platform.

Chief products officer Petros Dermetzis wrote in a blog post: "With this incredible team and their industry-leading technology unified with Workday, we will accelerate customers' finance and business transformations across the organisation through a powerful combination of integrated planning and a complete finance suite of products.

"More specifically, this acquisition will fast-track our financial planning roadmap by 2+ years, delivering customers new, advanced modelling capabilities and more, powered by the Adaptive Insights Business Planning Cloud."

Stories.bi specialises in augmented analytics, which uses machine learning to deliver more automated insights to users.

It will be brought in to boost the Workday Prism Analytics suite, with Workday VP Peter Schlampp writing in a blog post: "With the addition of this incredible team and technology, we will power our analytics products to be more intelligent and our UX to be more conversational. This means our customers can find even more opportunities to improve their business without having to dig through data or wait on detailed reports."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Salesforce acquires Datorama
Salesforce has signed an agreement to buy Datorama, a cloud-based, AI-powered marketing intelligence and analytics platform that companies including Unilever and PepsiCo use to manage their marketing data across campaigns and channels.

The acquisition will enhance Marketing Cloud, with "expanded data integration and intelligence, enabling marketers to unlock insights across all of their marketing channels and data sources," Bob Stutz, CEO of Marketing Cloud, explained in a statement.

Terms of the deal remain undisclosed, but Israeli news site Calcalist reported that Salesforce will pay more than $800 million in cash for Datorama, citing two unnamed sources.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Slack buys the competition in Atlassian deal
Workplace collaboration darling Slack is buying up the competition it usurped - Atlassian's HipChat and Stride assets - to discontinue them, and in exchange Atlassian will take a stake in Slack.

The news broke via Slack's CEO Stewart Butterfield on Twitter, confirming that Slack will take the Hipchat and Stride IP and move those users onto its own service.

It will provide a boost in users for Slack, as the startup continues to take on established collaboration enterprises like Microsoft, which itself seems to have remodelled its collaboration software on Slack's with Teams, a sleeker approach to teams-based working than Skype for Business.

Bloomberg reports that the unusual deal will allow Atlassian to focus on its project management services, such as Jira and Trello, while Slack can continue to bolster its chatops efforts.

The deal was for an undisclosed amount, but more details should emerge during Atlassian's upcoming quarterly earnings report.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Broadcom acquires CA Technologies
Broadcom has agreed to buy CA Technologies for $18.9 billion (£14.3 billion) in cash.

The addition of corporate software to the chipmaker's business surprised Wall Street analysts. Broadcom CEO and President Hock Tan said the deal was an important building block in his strategy to create one of the world's leading infrastructure technology companies.

"With its sizeable installed base of customers, CA is uniquely positioned across the growing and fragmented infrastructure software market, and its mainframe and enterprise software franchises will add to our portfolio of mission critical technology businesses," he explained in a press release. "We intend to continue to strengthen these franchises to meet the growing demand for infrastructure software solutions."

The announcement was made just four months after the Trump administration blocked Broadcom's planned takeover of rival chipmaker Qualcomm. The deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter of this year, subject to regulatory and shareholder approval. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SolarWinds acquires Trusted Metrics

Monitoring software maker SolarWinds acquired North Carolina-based Trusted Metrics in July, which specialises in real-time security monitoring software. The financial terms of the deal weren't announced.

The company subsequently released SolarWinds Threat Monitor, an automated tool designed to reduce the complexity of threat detection. By aggregating asset data, security events, host intrusion detection, network intrusion detection, and correlating that data with continuously updated threat intelligence the tool promises more automated threat detection.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft acquires Bonsai
Microsoft added another AI startup to its expanding portfolio with the acquisition of Bonsai, a Berkeley, California-based company that specialises in reinforcement learning.

Bonsai is building a platform that helps industrial customers improve the operations of dynamic control systems in applications such as robotics, engines and wind turbines.

The platform is designed to give subject matter experts of any AI aptitude the power to specify and train autonomous systems. Gurdeep Pall, Microsoft's corporate VP of business AI, explained in a statement that Bonsai would form part of Microsoft's Azure AI platform of tools.

"To realize this vision of making AI more accessible and valuable for all, we have to remove the barriers to development, empowering every developer, regardless of machine learning expertise, to be an AI developer," says Pall. "Bonsai has made tremendous progress here and Microsoft remains committed to furthering this work.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Workday acquires Adaptive Insights
HR and finance software pure play Workday announced its acquisition of Adaptive Insights for $1.55 billion (including the assumption of approximately $150 million in unvested equity issued to Adaptive Insights employees) in June.

Adaptive Insights specialises in SaaS business planning tools with its Business Planning Cloud product, which should nicely complement Workday's HR and finance focused SaaS products. It also shared Workday’s disdain for traditional, spreadsheet-based business planning processes, and its integration into the Workday platform will help continue this momentum.

Adaptive Insights founder and chairman Rob Hull wrote in a blog post: "Together, two cloud leaders will combine as one to enable customers to better plan, execute, and analyse their businesses through a portfolio of best-in-class applications."

In a similar announcement from Workday's chief product officer Petros Dermetzis, he said: "With this incredible team and their industry-leading technology unified with Workday, we will accelerate customers' finance and business transformations across the organization through a powerful combination of integrated planning and a complete finance suite of products.

"More specifically, this acquisition will fast-track our financial planning roadmap by 2+ years, delivering customers new, advanced modeling capabilities and more, powered by the Adaptive Insights Business Planning Cloud."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Splunk acquires VictorOps
Machine data specialist Splunk acquired VictorOps for $120 million in cash and Splunk securities in June.

The Colorado-based firm specialises in 'devops incident management' powered by AI technology, and promises to help development teams resolve incidents faster than before.

VictorOps CEO Todd Vernon said of the acquisition: "By combining VictorOps' incident management capabilities and the Splunk platform, organisations will be able to quickly resolve and even help prevent issues that degrade customer engagement."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft acquires GitHub
Microsoft has reached an agreement to acquire GitHub for $7.5 billion in Microsoft stock. Nat Friedman, the former CEO of Xamarin - another Microsoft acquisition - will take over as GitHub CEO, while GitHub cofounder Chris Wanstrath will join Microsoft as a technical fellow. 

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella outlined the growth strategy for GitHub in a blogpost, in which he promised that the platform would retain its developer-first ethos and continue to operate independently.

The agreement for the acquisition was reached in May and is expected to close by the end of the calendar year, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory review.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Adobe announces intention to buy Magento
Adobe have "announced their intent" to acquire ecommerce company Magento in a deal worth around $1.7 billion.

The plan is to fold Magento into the Adobe Experience Cloud to give customers more ability to complete transactions within digital ads, e-commerce websites built on Adobe and other online customer experiences.

“With Magento’s position as the world’s most popular commerce platform and Adobe’s leadership in designing and delivering great digital experiences, we will enable every business to create and deliver compelling real-time experiences, engage with customers across every touchpoint, and transact anywhere across the entire customer journey for both B2C and B2B,” a blog post by Magento CEO Mark Lavelle reads.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft acquires Semantic Machines
Microsoft acquired AI startup Semantic Machines in May 2018.

The Bay Area startup focuses on conversational AI and will presumably be used to boost Microsoft's smart assistant product Cortana.

In a blog post, Microsoft explained: “With the acquisition of Semantic Machines, we will establish a conversational AI centre of excellence in Berkeley to push forward the boundaries of what is possible in language interfaces,” it said.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PayPal acquires iZettle
PayPal acquired Swedish fintech firm iZettle for $2.2 billion in May, giving the payments giant a popular point-of-sale (PoS) technology solution to add to its portfolio.

The Swedish firm had only filed for an IPO - expected to value the company at $1.1 billion - nine days before the news broke that PayPal was acquiring the business.

It provides companies - mostly small businesses - with a small card reader that links with a smartphone or tablet to ease the process of accepting card payments, providing reports and inventory management at the back end.

iZettle's co-founder and CEO Jacob de Geer will continue to lead but will report into PayPal's COO Bill Ready.

In an open letter posted to the iZettle website, de Geer writes: "The two companies have complementary product offerings and geographies. PayPal views iZettle's capabilities and talent as best-in-class and we will work together to scale our reach and geographical footprint.

"iZettle will become a centre of excellence for PayPal's in-store product and services offerings for small businesses going forward, which I'm really excited about."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rackspace acquires RelationEdge
Rackspace acquired Salesforce implementation partner and digital agency RelationEdge for an undisclosed amount in May.

This has been seen as a slightly left-field acquisition from the cloud implementation and managed services specialist, but RelationEdge could allow Rackspace to expand into new technology areas and help offer managed services for SaaS applications, as well as IaaS.

"With this acquisition, Rackspace adds implementation and managed services for SaaS applications to their growing IT-as-a-Service portfolio," read a note on its home page at the time.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oracle acquires Datascience.com
Oracle announced that it had agreed to acquire Datascience.com in May.

The company will now fall under the Oracle Cloud department, giving customers the ability to "harness a single data science platform to more effectively leverage machine learning and big data for predictive analysis and improved business results," the vendor said in a press release.

The web portal is used by data science teams to organise their work, access data sets and computing resources, and develop models.

Amit Zavery, executive vice president of Oracle Cloud Platform added: "With the combination of Oracle and DataScience.com, customers will be able to harness a single data science platform to more effectively leverage machine learning and big data for predictive analysis and improved business results."

This follows Google's acquisition of data science portal Kaggle last year, as the big cloud vendors look to place themselves at the heart of the data science community.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HPE acquires Plexxi
Hewlett-Packard Enterprise announced in May that it was buying networking startup Plexxi for an undisclosed amount.

The New Hampshire-based startup has designed a software-defined data center solution which. HPE is eyeing this to boost its hyperconverged infrastructure offering - where storage, computing and networking are combined within a single system - under the SimpliVity brand.

Ric Lewis, SVP and GM of HPE's software-defined and cloud group wrote in a blog post: "Through this acquisition, we will deliver hyperconverged and composable solutions with a next-generation data network fabric that can automatically create or re-balance bandwidth to workload needs.

"This will increase agility and efficiency, and accelerate how quickly companies deploy applications and draw business value from their data."

Plexxi had raised around $83 million from several rounds of funding since 2010.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Google acquires Velostrata
Google acquired Israeli startup Velostrata in May for an undisclosed amount.

Velostrata specialises in enterprise cloud services, mostly helping companies migrate from on-premise to the cloud. It will join the Google Cloud team in its Tel Aviv office.

In a blog post Eyal Manor, VP engineering at Google Cloud, said the purchase of the company "will add to our broad portfolio of migration tools to support enterprises in their journey to the cloud".

"As more and more enterprises move to the cloud, many need a simple way to migrate from on-premises and adopt the cloud at their own pace," he added. "This helps them take advantage of what the cloud has to offer - speed, scalability, and access to technologies like advanced data analytics and machine learning."
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Recruit Holdings acquires Glassdoor for $1.2 billion
Popular job search and company review site Glassdoor was acquired in May for an eye-popping all-cash $1.2 billion by Recruit Holdings, a Japanese conglomerate that has a sizeable HR technology arm and owns Indeed.com and Simply Hired.

In a blog post on the Glassdoor site, cofounder and CEO at Glassdoor Robert Hohman writes: "Our mission has been the same since day one: to help people everywhere find a job and company they love. That mission will not change as part of Recruit. Glassdoor will continue to operate as a distinct brand to fulfill this mission - and will be able to do so with greater speed and impact than we could achieve alone.

"It is business as usual for now and we will remain separate companies until closing."

Glassdoor had raised a total of around $200 million in its ten-year history, with the most recent a $40 million Series H in March 2016, valuing the company at around $1 billion.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Salesforce acquires MuleSoft
Salesforce made its biggest ever acquisition in March agreeing to pay $6.5 billion in a cash and stock deal for MuleSoft.

MuleSoft specialises in integration software and only went public a year ago, in March 2017. Its technology is used by customers like HSBC and ASOS for API management and to link together applications across increasingly complex IT environments.

Speaking at the time of the deal, Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff said: "Every digital transformation starts and ends with the customer. Together, Salesforce and MuleSoft will enable customers to connect all of the information throughout their enterprise across all public and private clouds and data sources - radically enhancing innovation."

The impact of this acquisition is immediately clear, as Salesforce also announced a new product, Integration Cloud, with the aim of helping customers to surface data "regardless of where it resides to connect every system, customer and device in a whole new way" according to Salesforce.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ServiceNow acquires Parlo and VendorHawk
ServiceNow, a SaaS provider of IT helpdesk solutions, made two acquisitions close together in the spring, buying Silicon Valley based AI startup Parlo in May and VendorHawk, which makes software for tracking SaaS subscription, at the end of April.

Parlo created a workforce solution powered by AI and natural language understating technology, allowing organisations to automate IT helpdesk and HR requests. It will subsequently be integrated into ServiceNow’s Now Platform to help customers automate business processes.

VendorHawk is a cloud solution to help customers view and rationalise their SaaS contracts. This will allow ServiceNow to offer a greater range of software asset management capabilities.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MariaDB acquires MammothDB
MariaDB acquired Bulgarian enterprise analytics database company MammothDB for an undisclosed sum in March 2018.

As part of the deal MariaDB will create a new office in Sofia, Bulgaria, and grow its engineering and consulting talent pool to build out its analytics solution, MariaDB AX, and advance its wider database-as-a-service (DBaaS) strategy.

Read next: MariaDB ups the stakes in database war with Oracle

Michael Howard, CEO of MariaDB Corporation said of the deal: “Over the past year, we’ve seen a major increase in demand for MariaDB AX as organizations seek to fill an open source analytics gap left by proprietary offerings such as Oracle and Teradata.

“The addition of MammothDB’s deep analytics expertise will be invaluable to helping MariaDB meet this growing need and continue to innovate our analytic products.”
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oracle acquires Grapeshot
Oracle acquired Grapeshot in April 2018 for an undisclosed amount. The startup is from Cambridge here in the UK and focuses on helping brands avoid advertising against potentially damaging content through its Contextual Intelligence platform.

This is the latest madtech (marketing and advertising tech) acquisition from Oracle, as it looks to beef up its capabilities to compete with the incumbent Google Adsense, as well as marketing cloud solutions from rivals like Adobe and Salesforce.

Oracle confirmed that the Grapeshot technology and team will become a part of the Oracle Data Cloud, working specifically in the area of Audiences and Measurement.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Salesforce acquires CloudCraze
Cloud CRM specialists Salesforce acquired CloudCraze in March for an undisclosed fee. The Chicago-based company has built a popular business-to-business ecommerce solution on top of the Salesforce platform since being founded in 2009.

Salesforce had previously invested in CloudCraze through its Salesforce Ventures arm in 2017.

CloudCraze will eventually integrate with Salesforce's Commerce Cloud solution.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Splunk acquires Phantom Cyber
Machine data specialists Splunk acquired Phantom Cyber Corporation for approximately $350 million in February.

The Palo Alto-based Phantom focuses on two areas that align well with Splunk’s recent direction: security and automation.

The idea is to allow customers to combine Phantom's technology for orchestration and automation with Splunk's Security Operations Center platform, using analytics-driven security to accelerate incident response.

Splunk has been increasingly turning towards security solutions in the past few years, with CEO Doug Merritt saying last year: ”We started as an IT ops company, and we stumbled into security.”

Read next: How Splunk pivoted to security

“Phantom’s employees and technology significantly expand and strengthen Splunk’s vision for the security nerve centre and for business revolution through IT,” Merritt said at the time of the deal. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Amazon buys Ring
Amazon has bought 'smart' doorbell company Ring for more than $1 billion, reports suggest.

Ring is a US-based company that makes doorbells that record live videos, sending the videos to customer's smartphones. So far, the firm has raised $209 million of funding, according to CrunchBase.

Speculation around the purchase propounds that with the upcoming March launch of Alphabet-owned 'Nest' - its first smart video doorbell - Amazon is trying to buy out the competition.

The technology could also help the tech giant's rollout of Amazon Key, which allows delivery drivers to securely access a property to drop an item off without a key.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SAP buys CallidusCloud owner
SAP's America unit acquired SaaS company Callidus Software for $2.4 billion in January.

CallidusCloud offers cloud-based HR, sales, Lead to Money (Quote-to-Cash) systems, marketing, and customer experience solutions. There are natural synergies here with SAP's own suite of SaaS solutions for HR and sales, but this is a boost to its CRM capabilities.

CallidusCloud CEO Leslie Stretch said at the time: "We are super excited to join forces with SAP. This move gives customers precisely what they want, the market leading Sales Performance (SPM), Sales Execution (CPQ) and Sales Enablement clouds combined with SAP Hybris and S/4HANA."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cisco acquires BroadSoft
Cisco acquired the Maryland-based cloud company BroadSoft for $1.9 billion in February.

BroadSoft, which went public in 2010, specialises in cloud-based calling and contact centre solutions. Cisco plans on folding the technology into its existing calling, meetings, messaging, customer care, hardware endpoints and services portfolio.

Former BroadSoft CEO Michael Tessler and his team are joining Cisco's Unified Communications Technology Group.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft acquires Chalkup
In quite a unique deal Microsoft acquired the licence for the collaborative classroom technology Chalkup, which helps teachers give feedback to students digitally, and hired its co-founder and CEO Justin Chando in February.

It may seem a left-field move from the tech giant but Chalkup's technology is being eyed as an ideal fit with Microsoft's work in the e-learning space, both through LinkedIn and its Teams for Education product.

A spokesperson from Microsoft said: "The Chalkup service is very similar to Microsoft Teams. Chalkup is a small startup that grew to 120K+ registered users and has grown a few thousand fans a month. Microsoft wanted to hire the CEO Justin Chando after spending several days with him to help us accelerate several areas of our offering.

"Rather than an acquisition, Microsoft secured an exclusive licence to Chalkup’s technology and hired their co-founder full time. We are excited to have Justin join the Education Product team."

Chalkup’s existing products will continue working until 30 June.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oracle acquires Zenedge
Oracle agreed to acquire IT system security company Zenedge in February. Zenedge specialises in AI-powered security software, specifically aimed at mitigation. The terms of the deal were not disclosed.

With Zenedge, Oracle gets a security service to add it to its growing cloud play, and a company which shares its focus on automation. Zenedge software can also be run in the cloud, on-prem or across hybrid environments.

Oracle said of the acquisition in a written Q&A (pdf) on its site: "Zenedge expands Oracle Cloud Infrastructure and Oracle's Domain Name System (DNS) capabilities, adding innovative application and network protection that augments existing Oracle security services and partnerships.

"Together, Oracle and Zenedge will allow enterprises to adopt cloud services without compromising performance, cost, control or security through an expanded Oracle Cloud Infrastructure platform."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OpenText acquires Hightail
Content collaboration software maker OpenText acquired Hightail, better known by its old name of YouSendIt, in February for an undisclosed amount.

OpenText will acquire Hightail's existing user base of more than 5 million as well as the filesharing technology.

Mark Barrenechea, OpenText CEO and CTO said of the deal: "The acquisition of Hightail underscores our commitment to delivering differentiated content solutions in the cloud that enable marketers and creative professionals to share, produce, and securely collaborate on digital content. We are pleased to welcome Hightail customers and employees to OpenText today."
Top 10 Mergers and Acquisitions of 2016
By NIDHI GUPTA
 DEC 29, 2016 17:33 IST
It is important to know about those Mergers and Acquisitions that have changed the scenario of corporate world. Read the top 10 M&A deals of 2016 at jagranjosh.com as it important for the MBA Entrance exams as well.
 
Top 10 Mergers and Acquisitions of 2016
Mergers and acquisitions represent the ultimate in change for a business. They are increasingly becoming strategic choice for organizational growth and achievement of business goals including profit, empire building, market dominance, and long term survival.

It has become a topic of interest to study because these days in MBA Entrance exams, questions related to M&A deals are asked frequently. In addition, in Written Ability Section (WAT) and Group Discussions (GD), issues related to M&A deals are also raised to test the aptitude of the aspirants. 

Keeping these aspects in consideration, we have prepared a list of top 10 Merger and Acquisitions (M&A) deals that occurred in 2016. These deals have brought a drastic change in their respective industries. Read and find out about the Top 10 Mergers and Acquisitions of 2016. 

1. AT&T Inc buys Time Warner
Deal Amount: USD 85.4 Billion 
Industry: Media
When: 22 October 2016
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: AT&T has acquired Time Warner and the new company will be headed by AT&T Chief Executive ‘Randall Stephenson’. For AT&T the deal will help them expand business opportunities and market as well. The prime business of AT&T is core wireless and it seems to have become saturated now.
2. Rosneft Oil Company acquires Essar Oil 
Deal Amount: USD 13 billion 
Industry: Oil and Gas
When: 15 October 2016
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: Rosneft has a 49 percent stake in Essar Oil’s refinery, petrol pump and ports. The acquisition includes US 10.9 billion dollars for Essar Oil’s Vadinar refinery and US 2 billion dollars for port terminal that helps feed refinery. This deal is a big achievement for Rosneft because they have got an opportunity to enter the Indian market. With this deal, Rosneft has turned out to be the third largest player in fuel retailing market of India after Royal Dutch and Shell. 
 
3. Reliance Communications and Aircel
Deal Amount: Undisclosed 
Industry: Telecommunications
When: 14 September 2016
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: Reliance Communications has merged with Maxis communications Berhad (MCB). This merger is the fourth biggest merger in Telecom sector. Both the companies will hold 50 percent in the new entity. The new entity will have an asset base of INR 65000 crores and net worth of INR 35000 crores.
Top 10 Mergers and Acquisitions of 2015-16
4. Sony Pictures Network India acquired Zee Entertainment 
Deal Amount: USD 385 million 
Industry: Media 
When: 31 August 2016
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: Sony Pictures Network India Pvt. Ltd (SPIN) has acquired Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited (ZEE) and its subsidiaries. The acquisition will add South Asia’s leading sports network to SPN’s existing portfolio of channels, according to a company release. NP Singh is the CEO of Sony Pictures Networks India. Sony Pictures Networks India is in its 21st year in India.
5. Unilever Plc acquired Blueair
Deal Amount: Undisclosed
Industry: FMCG Sector
When: 16 August 2016
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: After acquiring Unilever Plc., the company will now enter into the air purifying business that will complement its existing range of water purifying products. On the other hand, Blueair will continue operate under its existing brand name and will remain operations for its existing markets as well. 
6. Nokia acquired Alcatel-Lucent 
Deal Amount: 15.6 Billion Euros
Industry: Technology
When: 5 January 2016         
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: As per the deal, Nokia holds 79.32 percent of outstanding Alcatel-Lucent shares and 78.97 percent of the French company’s voting rights.
Top 10 MBA specializations: Choices and Options
7. Wipro acquired Health-Plan Services 
Deal Amount: USD 460 million 
Industry: Pharmaceuticals 
When: 11 February 2016
About the Merger/Acquisition: Wipro signed a definitive agreement to acquire HealthPlan Services from Water Street Healthcare Partners.  HealthPlan has grown to become the leading independent technology and Business Process as a Service (BPaaS) provider in the U.S. Health Insurance market.In this deal Wipro will acquire 100 percent of HealthPlan Services shares. The acquisition will help Wipro strengthen its position in U.S. health insurance market. 

8. Google acquires Moodstock
Deal Amount: Undisclosed
Industry: Technology
When: 6 July 2016
About the Merger/Acquisition: With this acquisition, the Moodstocks team will join Google's R&D center in Paris, and will contribute to the development of YouTube and Chrome. The acquisition will now allow the company to take its technology to a much wider audience. Google also mentioned that the engineers and researchers of Moodstocks were developing new algorithms for visual recognition of objects, particularly those viewed by cameras in mobile devices.
9. Dell acquires EMC Corporation
Deal Amount: USD 67 billion 
Industry: Technology
When: 7 September 2016
                        
About the Merger/Acquisition: This deal is one of the largest technology merger in history. The new company will be named as Dell Technologies. With $74 billion in revenue, Dell Technologies will be the world’s largest privately controlled tech company. The merger was extraordinarily complex. Dell, which is privately held, purchased not only EMC but its Byzantine federation of wholly and partially owned subsidiaries.
Top 10 Sectoral MBA Specializations: A Detailed Review
10. ITC Holdings merges with Fortis
Deal Amount: USD 11.3 BILLION
Industry: Electric Utility
When: 9 February 2016
 
About the Merger/Acquisition: After this deal Fortis will become one of the top 15 North American public utilities ranked by enterprise value. Under the terms of the transaction ITC shareholders will receive US$22.57 in cash and 0.7520 Fortis shares per ITC share. The Acquisition represents a singular opportunity for Fortis to significantly diversify its business in terms of regulatory jurisdictions, business risk profile and regional economic mix.
We hope that the list of Top 10 Mergers and Acquisitions of 2016 helped you in increasing your knowledge base. You can also use this list as a shortcut to remember all the deals that took place in the year 2016.
15 of the Best Mergers & Acquisitions of 2017
December 29, 2017, 11:39:00 AM EDT By Madeleine Johnson, Zacks.com

•	

•	

•	

•	


 
Shutterstock photo
As 2018 fast approaches, we can't help but look back on the past 12 months, a year that was a whirlwind politically, socially, culturally, and economically.
While the U.S. dealt with everything from natural disasters and gun violence to protests about racial inequality and the sexual harassment reckoning, the stock market reached extraordinary highs.
The market hit 62 daily all-time highs in 2017, notes CNBC , and the S&P 500 has returned almost 20% so far. And, the top performing sector, technology, which is up around 38% year-to-date, surpassed the worst-performing sectors (energy and telecom) by over 43 percentage points.
Even with this overall positive economic sentiment, which has gotten a big boost from the new tax bill, merger and acquisition activity in 2017 has been relatively quiet; deals were down 35% year-to-date through mid-November.
The deals that were announced this year, though, were major, and revolved around some of the biggest consumer and technology names. Here are 15 of the best mergers and acquisitions of 2017.
1. Amazon Buys Whole Foods
Earlier this summer, e-commerce giant Amazon AMZN announced that it would be buying high-end organic grocery chain Whole Foods for $13.7 billion; the deal officially closed at the end of August. While the acquisition has been off to a rocky start, it gives Amazon hundreds of physical stores and provides the company a strong entryway into the competitive grocery and food industry.
2. Intel Acquires Mobileye
Intel INTC said in August that it had completed its tender offer for the outstanding shares of Mobileye, a company that develops sensors and cameras for Advanced Driver Assisted Systems (ADAS); the Israel-based company is also known for its computer vision and machine learning technology. The $15.3 billion deal gives Intel a huge advantage in the growing self-driving car industry, a market they estimate will grow to $70 billion annually by 2030.
3. United Technologies Buys Rockwell Collins
In a major industry deal, United Technologies UTX agreed to buy Rockwell Collins COL for roughly $23 billion. This is one of the biggest moves in aviation history, and gives rise to an aerospace giant that will focus on the manufacturing of aircraft parts like touchscreen cockpit displays and jet engines, among many other things. United plans to combine its aerospace business with Rockwell Collins, creating a new unit named Collins Aerospace Systems.
4. Disney To Buy Some of 21 st Century Fox's Assets
Just a few weeks ago, Disney DIS and 21 st Century Fox FOXA announced a historic $52.4 billion deal that would see Mickey Mouse's parent scoop up a good chunk of the media conglomerate's assets, including the film studio 20 th Century Fox, the company's TV production arm 20th Century Fox Television, Fox-owned cable networks (including FX and National Geographic), and FOXA's stakes in international networks like Star TV and Sky; Disney will also gain majority control of streaming service Hulu. The deal, however, will likely face intense regulatory scrutiny.
5. JAB Holdings Acquires Panera
For $7.5 billion, European investment firm JAB reached a deal to buy bakery-café chain Panera Bread earlier this year, creating a formidable food-focused portfolio that includes Keurig Green Mountain, Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Peet's Coffee & Tea, and Caribou Coffee Company. Additionally, Panera is a restaurant that has managed to post steady comparable sales growth and rising revenue at a time when many chains are hurting.
6. Michael Kors Acquires Jimmy Choo
"Affordable" luxury retailer Michael Kors KORS agreed to buy footwear brand Jimmy Choo, a popular name in the fashion world known for its towering stilettos, for about $1.2 billion in July. The purchase had been a long-rumored one, and Kors plans on using its own massive global infrastructure to expand Jimmy Choo's footprint. This likely won't be Kors' last acquisition either, as the company is now focused on forming a new, "luxury group."
7. Coach Buys Kate Spade
Coach, now Tapestry Inc. TPR , shook up the fashion industry back in May when the company announced that it would be purchasing its smaller rival, Kate Spade, for $2.4 billion. The deal is both an effort to reach younger consumers-it recently signed a deal with millennial and Instagram icon Selena Gomez-and to rebrand itself as a broader "lifestyle assortment company."
8. CVS Buys Aetna
After weeks of rumors and speculation, drugstore chain CVS CVS announced that it would acquire insurance provider Aetna AET for $69 billion. The two companies said this blockbuster deal would rein in health care costs and transform CVS's 9,700 pharmacy storefronts into community medical hubs for primary care and basic procedures. It's expected to close in the second half of 2018, and is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.
9. Gilead Acquires Kite Pharma
In October, Gilead Sciences GILD shelled out $11.9 billion for Kite Pharma, marking its biggest acquisition ever. The deal gives the biopharmaceutical company access to a promising cancer therapy, and hopefully makes it less reliant on antiviral treatments like its Hepatitis C drug Sovaldi. In particular, the cancer therapy is a CAR-T drug, which many in the industry believe will transform the cancer treatment market.
10. Cisco Acquires BroadSoft
In a move that will grow its software footprint, Cisco CSCO paid nearly $2 billion for BroadSoft BSFT , a company that sells cloud-based call control software, a product that is often re-labeled and sold by traditional telephone companies to their customers. This acquisition is what IT vendors dub "the future of work," as it uses technology meant to make it easier for workgroups to communicate with each other.
11. Apple Buys Shazam
Recently, iPhone maker Apple AAPL confirmed that it has acquired Shazam for $400 million, a company that lets users identify songs, movies, TV shows, and commercials from short audio clips. The tech giant will be able to use Shazam to boost Apple Music. It also hopes to integrate Shazam more deeply into iOS, and utilize the app's augmented reality technology to improve its ARKit efforts.
12. Arby's Roark Buys Buffalo Wild Wings
Just last month, Arby's owner Roark Capital Group announced that it would be acquiring chicken wing chain Buffalo Wild Wings BWLD for $2.4 billion. Arby's has successfully executed a turnaround strategy by specifically emphasizing its unique fast-food menu selection; the firm hopes to apply this similar formula to Buffalo Wild Wings. Arby's will also assume the debt of BWLD.
13. Meredith Corp. Buys Time Inc.
The Meredith Corporation MDP closed a $2.8 billion deal in November to buy Time TIME that would create a publishing giant. The Des Moines-based Meredith publishes the magazines  Better Homes and Gardens ,  Family Circle , and  Shape , among others, while Time owns T ime ,  People ,  Sports Illustrated ,  Fortune ,  Entertainment Weekly , and many other print and digital media properties, and has been in business since 1922.
14. Discovery Acquires Scripps Networks Interactive
In November, Discovery's DISCA $14.6 billion acquisition of Scripps Networks Interactive SNI received overwhelming shareholder support. The merger would unite two cable programming giants; Discovery owns the Discovery Channel, Investigation Discovery, OWN and TLC, while Scripp's portfolio includes the Food Network, HGTV and Travel Channel.
15. Google Buys Part of HTC Smartphone Team
This fall, Alphabet's GOOGL Google division confirmed that it plans to acquire part of HTC's mobile division team for $1.1 billion as it grows its smartphone hardware business. Google has become very serious about its hardware development with the debut of its Pixel line of smartphones, and scooping up a chunk of HTC's team means that the tech giant can better directly challenge Android partners like Samsung, LG, and Huawei.

It's been the biggest year for M&As in history, according to the financial software company Dealogic. But there wasn't a massive, What'sApp-size buy this year.
Inc. looked at startups less than 10 years old, and privately owned, that did manage to score very significant deals in 2015--even if they weren't quite in the multibillion-dollar range.
This year's headliners, which accomplished the biggest exits--of more than $100 million, and with figures that have been published by reliable sources--may surprise you.
20. Twitter acquires Periscope.
Date: March 9, 2015
Price: Less than but up to $100 million, according to reports
Early bird: Notably, Periscope--an app for streaming video from a cell phone--was acquired before it even launched. In fact, the company was still working on applying to Apple's App Store. (The pressure was on because a competitor, Meerkat, had recently launched and seemed like it was gaining user momentum.)
17.  Dropbox acquires Clementine.
Date: July 22, 2015
Price: Estimated to be $100 million
Baby buy: This startup, which focuses on internal communication, such as conference calls and chat services not connected to a personal phone number, was less than one year into offering its product when this acquisition went down.
17.  Dropbox acquires CloudOn.
Date: January 21, 2015
Price: Approximately $100 million
Location, location: The Israeli company that provided mobile applications for document editing and creation had nine million users--and its 30-person team now forms Dropbox's first office in Israel.
17.  Microsoft acquires Sunrise Atelier.
Date: February 4, 2015
Price: $100 million
Easy does it: Sunrise, the maker of a suite of calendar apps and programs founded in 2012, may be part of Microsoft's new bid to be hip, and have a friendly interface for users. In an unusually casual move, it announced the acquisition via YouTube video.
16. Raycom Media acquires PureCars.
Date: October 27, 2015
Price: $125 million
Band of outsiders: This digital-ad firm isn't in Silicon Valley or Alley--it's from Charleston, South Carolina. And its 140 employees attained rocket revenue growth--1,401 percent over the past three years--by being a preferred partner of Google in the automotive ad sector.
14.  Infosys acquires Panaya.
Date: March, 2015
Price: $200 million
Global deal: One of India's largest software exporters, Infosys, acquired the enterprise-resource-planning startup Panaya, which was founded in 2006 in Israel and had raised nearly $60 million in funding.
14.  Yahoo acquires Polyvore.
Date: July 31, 2015
Price: Roughly $200 million
Sweet suite: The visual search engine for clothing, Polyvore, had nine million visitors to its websites and apps in June--far more than its competitors, such as Wanelo and Fancy.
13. Samsung Electronics acquires LoopPay.
Date: February 18, 2015
Price: $250 million, as reported by Re/code
Tech magic: LoopPay's technology turns magnetic-stripe readers into a new type of tap-like payment system, requiring no contact with a card. And it works with 90 percent of existing point-of-sale terminals.
12. Northwestern Mutual acquires LearnVest.
Date: March 25, 2015
Price: More than $250 million, according to Fortune
Getting personal: After a courtship involving a significant earlier investment, Northwestern Mutual bet big on personal financial planning by buying LearnVest, which was founded by business-school dropout Alexa Von Tobel.
11. PayPal acquires Paydiant.
Date: April 3, 2015
Price: Around $280 million, according to reports
Packing the bags: Boston-based Paydiant powers payment apps for large businesses, such as Subway. PayPal purchased it in the run-up to its separation from eBay this year.
10. Amazon acquires Elemental Technologies.
Date: October 19, 2015
Price: $296 million
Bidding war: The Oregonian notes that Amazon outbid several other tech giants, including Cisco, Ericsson, and Verizon for Portland-born Elemental, which creates high-speed video-delivery systems and employs around 250 people.
9. Microsoft acquires Adallom.
Date: July 19, 2015
Price: $320 million
Name game: The cloud-access security provider, founded in 2012, derived it's name from the Hebrew saying "Ad Halom," which literally means "up to here" and in game theory lingo means "the last line of defense."
8. AxelSpringer acquires Business Insider.
Date: September 29, 2015
Price: $343 million
Benchmark deal: The culmination of a long courtship, the sale breathes new wind into the New York City media upstart ecosystem, and shows old media's faith in the value of tech-infused online publications.
7. Amazon acquires Annapurna Labs.
Date: January 22, 2015
Price: $370 million
Secrets, secrets: The Israeli chip-maker didn't even note the sale at the time--and little was known about it then. Amazon's cloud-computing unit took the company, named for a Himalayan peak, into its division.
5.  NeuStar acquires MarketShare.
Price: $450 million
Date: November 5, 2015
Bigger plans: The huge acquisition of this 10-year-old marketing-analysis startup will help ad-tech giant NeuStar give its clients more detailed strategies for ad buys, across media and in real-time.
5.  Pandora acquires TicketFly.
Date: October 7, 2015
Price: $450 million, reportedly
Founder chops: Back in 1995, TicketFly founder Andrew Dreskin created TicketWeb, the first online ticket-buying portal.
4. Hitachi Data Systems acquires Pentaho.
Date: February 10, 2015
Price: Between $500 and $600 million, according to Bloomberg BusinessWeek.
Analyze this: Pentaho was founded in Florida by five guys in 2005, and over the years raised about $70 million to create an open-source business intelligence, data integration, and analytics company. In essence, this was a big-data acquisition.
3. Cisco acquires Acano.
Date: November 20, 2015
Price: $700 million
All together, now: The London-based tech firm makes collaboration and conferencing software. In the age of Slack, collaboration and in-office communication is an in-demand area. And this company addresses scalability, allowing a business to connect tens of thousands of individuals at once.                             
2. Adobe acquires Fotolia.
Date: January 28, 2015
Price: $800 million
Living on: The decade-old stock-photo site had some 34 million images. Adobe is continuing to run the business, plus offer its services to its subscribers as well.
1. EMC acquires Virtustream.
Date: July 9, 2015
Price: $1.2 billion
Strategy shift: Virtustream, a cloud-software and -service provider founded in 2009 in Bethesda, Maryland, was preparing to go public for about a year before computer-data storage heavy-hitter EMC stepped in. (This, of course, was before Dell bought EMC for a whopping $67 billion in October--around the time EMC spun-out Virtustream as a separate entity.)
The biggest offshore oil and gas company takeovers in 2015
SHARE
With OPEC still reluctant to cut output the oil price has continued its downward trajectory, forcing offshore oil and gas companies to rely on aggressive acquisitions strategies to consolidate losses and create growth in 2015. Offshore-technology.com lists the biggest offshore oil and gas company takeovers in 2015 based on deal value.
Previous
 
Husky Energy is one of the biggest integrated energy companies in Canada with notable offshore assets that include Liwan Gas Project, working interest in Wenchang oil field and planned field developments offshore Indonesia. Credit: Husky Energy.
 
Repsol acquired Talisman Energy in a deal valued at $13bn. Credit: Repsol.
 
German conglomerate Siemens acquired Dresser-Rand in a $7.6bn deal. Credit: www.siemens.com/press.
 
LetterOne group acquired assets in United Kingdom, Germany and North Sea as result of the takeover. Credit: DEA.
 
Williams Partners has offshore gathering and processing assets located in the Gulf of Mexico. Credit: Business Wire.
 
Noble Energy has offshore assets in the eastern Mediterranean and West Africa and plans to gain a foothold in the shale play through the acquisition of Rosetta Resources. Credit: Noble Energy.
 
Amec’s operations are primarily focused on the offshore upstream market. Credit: Amec Foster Wheeler.
 
Woodside Petroleum completed a $2.75bn acquisition of Apache’s Australian subsidiary Apache Julimar in April 2015. Credit: Woodside Energy.
 
Husky Energy is one of the biggest integrated energy companies in Canada with notable offshore assets that include Liwan Gas Project, working interest in Wenchang oil field and planned field developments offshore Indonesia. Credit: Husky Energy.
 
Repsol acquired Talisman Energy in a deal valued at $13bn. Credit: Repsol.

Next
•	1
•	2
•	3
•	4
•	5
•	6
•	7
•	8
Repsol Energy / Talisman Energy – $13bn
Repsol, a leading energy company based in Spain, acquired Talisman Energy, a company based in Canada, for $13bn in May. Repsol Energy’s legal adviser for the deal was Bennett Jones.
The global entity created as a result of the transaction will focus on developing Talisman’s undeveloped resources concentrated in deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the North Slope of Alaska, Kansas and Oklahoma as well as offshore Canada.
Siemens / Dresser-Rand – $7.6bn
Oil and gas equipment supplier Dresser-Rand was taken over by German conglomerate Siemens for $7.6bn following the European Union Commission’s approval of the deal in June. Goldman Sachs Group, Deutsche Bank and Lazard were advisers to Siemens on the deal.
Siemens will continue Dresser-Rand’s established brands and create a new unit within the former’s Power and Gas Division that will focus on oil and gas. Siemens aims to offer a comprehensive range of compressor solutions, turbines and engines through the acquisition.
LetterOne / Upstream Arm of RWE – $7.1bn
International investment group LetterOne took over RWE’s oil and natural gas arm DEA for $7.1bn in March, the first significant investment by the group in Germany.
RWE’s assets in UK, Germany and North Sea include 12 producing oil and gas fields, all of which are now owned by LetterOne.
Williams Partners / Access Midstream Partners – $5.995bn
Williams Partners’ acquisition of Access Midstream for $5.995bn was announced in June 2014 after the company agreed to a purchase of 50% general partner interest and 55.1m limited partner units. The deal was closed in February 2015.
The acquisition will help William Partners, which has offshore gathering and processing assets in the Gulf of Mexico, to grow its natural gas pipelines, gathering and processing, and natural gas liquids and petrochemical services.
Noble Energy / Rosetta Resources – $3.9bn
Noble Energy’s completed $3.9bn acquisition of Rosetta Resources in July with legal advice from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, and financial advice from Petrie Partners Securities.
Noble Energy intends to gain a footing in shale through the acquisition and will now have a resource potential of approximately one billion barrels of oil-equivalent.
Amec / Foster Wheeler- $3.3bn
Amec acquired Foster Wheeler in a $3.3bn deal that was first announced in 2014 and completed in January 2015 with Bank of America Merrill Lynch acting as financial adviser to Amec. According to the terms of the deal, the transaction amount is payable approximately 50% in cash and 50% in Amec securities.
Amec expects to strengthen its oil and gas business through the acquisition, while maintaining its low-risk business model. Amec’s operations are primarily focused on the offshore upstream market, while Foster Wheeler caters mainly to the onshore, mid and downstream markets.
Woodside Petroleum / Apache Julimar- $2.75bn
Woodside Petroleum completed a $2.75bn acquisition of Apache’s Australian subsidiary Apache Julimar in April. The two sides entered an agreement in December 2014 that also includes an expected closing adjustment of approximately $1bn.
The acquisition gives Woodside a 13% interest in the Wheatstone LNG project, a 65% interest in the WA-49-L block that includes the Julimar/Brunello offshore gas fields and the Balnaves oil development, as well as a 50% interest in Kitimat LNG project. The Kitimat LNG project also includes approximately 320,000 net acres in the Horn River and Liard natural gas basins in British Columbia basins in Canada.
GE Capital Aviation / Milestone Aviation- $1.78bn
Milestone Aviation Group was acquired by GE Capital Aviation in a $1.78bn deal in January. Agreements for acquiring the Dublin-based lessor were signed in October 2014. The terms of the transaction also include the assumption or payoff of Milestone’s existing debt.
Milestone Aviation provides helicopter services to a number of industries including offshore oil and gas. GE intends to grow and strengthen its energy, aviation, oil & gas segment through the acquisition.
Hanwha Group / Samsung General Chemicals – $1.4bn
Hanwha Group acquired a 57.6% stake in Samsung General Chemicals in a deal valued at $1.4bn. The transaction, which was first announced in 2014, was concluded in April 2015.
Hanwha group is seeking new opportunities in oil and gas sector through acquisitions and plans to gain a strong foothold in its key areas. Its offshore activities are primarily focussed in Qatar and Gulf of Mexico.
Hutchison Group / Husky Energy- $1.4bn
The Hutchison Group acquired 61.4 million shares representing 6.24% of Husky Energy’s issued share capital in a $1.4bn deal in June 2015. The stake was bought from L.F. Investments, which is indirectly owned by the Li family that held 35.57% of Husky shares prior to the acquisition. Li family’s stake in Husky has reduced to 29.33% following the acquisition.
Husky Energy is one of the biggest integrated energy companies in Canada with notable offshore assets that include Liwan Gas Project, a working interest in Wenchang oil field and planned field developments offshore Indonesia.
The biggest aerospace company takeovers in 2015
SHARE
The global aerospace market continued to grow in 2015 buoyed by strong growth in the commercial sector neatly offsetting lower defence sales. Aerospace-technology.com lists the biggest aerospace takeovers completed in 2015 based on deal value.
Previous
 
Precision Castparts is the major component supplier for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, a wide-body, twin-engine jet airliner. Image courtesy of markjhandel.
 
Lockheed Martin took over Sikorsky Aircraft in November 2015. Image courtesy of Coolcaesar.
 
Exelis was acquired by Harris Corporation in May 2015. Image courtesy of Exelis.
 
GE Capital Aviation Services has a mixed fleet of turboprop and regional jet aircraft, including Bombardier Q400 NextGen.
 
Qatar Airways acquired 9.99% stake in British Airways’ parent company International Consolidated Airlines Group (IAG) in January 2015. Image courtesy of Nick Warner.
 
Aer Lingus was acquired by International Consolidated Airlines Group (IAG) in September 2015. Image courtesy of Eric Jones.
 
Alcoa is a lightweight metals company based in the US. Image courtesy of Brian Stansberry.
 
SAIC provides engineering, technical, intelligence, and information technology services. U.S. Navy photo by Mr. John F. Williams.
 
Fokker Technologies’ business unit Fokker Elmo manufactures electrical wiring interconnection systems for aerospace and defence industry.
 
AAR CORP’s Telair Cargo Group of businesses to TransDigm Group in March 2015. Image courtesy of AAR Corp.
 
Precision Castparts is the major component supplier for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, a wide-body, twin-engine jet airliner. Image courtesy of markjhandel.
 
Lockheed Martin took over Sikorsky Aircraft in November 2015. Image courtesy of Coolcaesar.

Next
•	1
•	2
•	3
•	4
•	5
•	6
•	7
•	8
•	9
•	10
 
Lockheed Martin / Sikorsky Aircraft – $9bn
Military and commercial aircraft manufacturer Sikorsky Aircraft was acquired in November by American aerospace and defence company Lockheed Martin for US $9bn making it a part of Lockheed Martin's Mission Systems & Training (MST) business unit. The merger agreement between Sikorsky Aircraft's former owner UTC and Lockheed Martin was signed in July.
The takeover allows Lockheed Martin to expand its core business into the production and sustainment of helicopters.
Harris / Exelis – $4.75bn
Exelis was taken over by Harris Corporation, an international communications and information technology services provider, in a $4.75bn cash-and-stock deal in May. The transaction will provide Exelis shareholders with $16.625 in cash and 0.1025 of a share of Harris common stock. Harris shareholders have an 85% stake in the combined company, while the remaining 15% is owned by Exelis shareholders.
Exelis provides defence, aerospace and information solutions, which, when complemented with Harris' technology-based solutions to mission critical challenges of government and commercial customers, will strengthen core franchises and provide new opportunities for innovation. The acquisition will also result in an approximately $8bn in combined pro forma revenue.
 
GE Capital Aviation Services / Milestone Aviation Group – $1.77bn
GE's aircraft leasing unit GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) acquired helicopter leasing company Milestone Aviation Group for $1.77bn in January, following a merger agreement signed in October 2014. The acquisition is pursuant to GE Capital's strategic plan of expanding services in core areas aligned with GE's industrial business.
As of September 2015 Milestone has a fleet of 191 helicopters and ordered 154 firm and option aircraft. Its helicopters are used in search-and-rescue, offshore oil and gas, emergency medical services, mining, and police surveillance.
Qatar Airways / IAG – $1.73bn
Qatar Airways acquired a 9.99% ownership in British airline holding company International Consolidated Airlines Group (IAG) for $1.73bn in January. It also has an option to further acquire additional stakes not exceeding 9.99% in future.
With the acquisition, Qatar Airways aims to enhance operations, strengthen its membership in IAG's Oneworld Alliance as well as expand existing commercial ties, initiated through code share pacts with IAG.
 
IAG / Aer Lingus – $1.5bn (€1.35bn)
In September, Ireland's national airline Aer Lingus was acquired by IAG for $1.5bn (€1.35bn), following the European Commission's approval in July.
The addition of Aer Linus allows IAG to expand its services through Dublin. IAG provides services such as air transport for passengers and cargo, landside cargo handling and airport ground handling. Aer Lingus has a fleet of 50 aircraft and serves approximately 11 million passengers a year.
Alcoa / RTI International – $1.5bn
Alcoa, a lightweight metals technology firm based in the US, acquired RTI International Metals for $1.5bn in July, under the terms of a merger agreement signed in March. Integrated under Alcoa's downstream Engineered Products and Solutions (EPS) division, RTI International Metals is now known as Alcoa Titanium & Engineered Products (ATEP).
ATEP provides titanium and specialty metal products and services for the aerospace, defence, medical device and energy markets. The acquisition will strengthen Alcoa's aerospace market and titanium operations.
 
SAIC / Scitor Holdings – $790m
Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), a technology integrator based in the US, took over national security provider Scitor Holdings for $790m in cash in May. The takeover followed a merger agreement signed between Scitor's former owner Leonard Green & Partners and SAIC in March.
Scitor provides critical mission support to customers in the US Department of Defense, intelligence community, and other government agencies. The acquisition of Scitor enables SAIC to provide increased services to its defence and intelligence customers.
GKN / Fokker Technologies – $780m
Arle Capital's Fokker Technologies was acquired by GKN Aerospace for €706m ($780m) in October. The acquisition, first announced in July, will is expected to expand GKN Aerospace's technological offerings and extend original equipment manufacturer (OEM) relationships.
GKN Aerospace is a tier-one designer and manufacturer of composite and metallic assemblies for aerostructures and engine products. Dutch aerospace company Fokker Technologies designs, develops and produces landing gear, aero structures and wiring systems.
 
TransDigm Group / Telair International – $725m
AAR CORP's Telair Cargo Group of businesses were taken over by TransDigm Group, a designer, producer and supplier of aircraft components based in the US, for approximately $725m in cash in March, a month after the agreement was signed. The deal was financed by TransDigm through its existing cash on hand and $75m borrowing through its existing revolving credit facility.
The Telair Cargo Group, through its three operating units Telair International, Telair US and Nordisk Aviation Products, supplies cargo handling, restraint systems and unit load devices for both commercial and military markets.
Precision Castparts / Noranco – $560m
Precision Castparts Corp, a manufacturer of metal components and products, took over Noranco from MidOcean Partners and PSP Investments, for $560m in October. Noranco, which supplies complex machine components and assemblies to the aerospace and defence sector, was previously acquired by private equity fund investor MidOcean and its co-investors in April 2013.


